subreddit,name,title,post_paragraph,score,subreddit_type,link_flair_text
GodofWar,t3_a3wlrs,God of War = Game of the Year Megathread,"God of War won in the following categories of The Games Awards 2018:

* **GAME OF THE YEAR 2018**
* **Best Game Direction**
* **Best Action/Adventure Game**

In an effort to contain some of the craziness, please use this megathread for discussion involving God of War winning Game of the Year. Any other threads created will be removed.

**Congrats to the team at Sony Santa Monica Studios and Cory Barlog!** You can catch replays of the award shows at the following places:

* \[YouTube\] ([https://www.youtube.com/thegameawards](https://www.youtube.com/thegameawards))
* \[Twitter\] ([https://twitter.com/thegameawards](https://twitter.com/thegameawards))
* \[Facebook\] ([https://www.facebook.com/thegameawards](https://www.facebook.com/thegameawards))

As always, please follow basic Reddit rules. Be civil and excellent to each other. Spread joy and love!",1653,public,
GodofWar,t3_car8er,Possible cameo in the next games... (Spoilers),"In this game we see Jormungandr who, in Norse mythology, is a child of Loki. What if in the next game we are introduced to his other son, Fenrir, the great wolf who the Odin locks up out of fear. He’s a major player in Ragnarök so it’d make sense if Kratos and Atreus gather Loki’s “children” so to speak in order to fight the Asir. It’d be interesting to see how Hela is incorporated as well since we didn’t see her in Hel at all. Lots of myths to look forward too!",167,public,
GodofWar,t3_cakipc,Valkyries,"I finally beat my first Valkyrie, I ascended the volcano in Muspelheim and killed Gondal... it took me about five tries and a lot of patience to learn her move set, but once I did I felt like a true god.

So here's the question... does anyone know what the best gear set to go into the Valkyrie fights is? Right now I'm using a full Ivaldi set from Niflheim, I've got my runics, axe, chaos blades and talon bow/quiver fully upgraded... Think that'll be enough? Or should I look for something specific that lowers the damage from Valkyries?",142,public,
GodofWar,t3_canoeb,Best boss from each game,"What do you think is the best boss from each game?
(excluding Betrayal)

Mine is

God of War- Pandora's Guardian
God of War II- Colossus of Rhodes
Chains of Olympus- Charon
God of War III- Hades
Ghost of Sparta- Erinys
Ascension- Aegaeon
God of War 4- Baldur (final fight)",31,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_cafsjf,WOMEN OF KRATOS,How many women in here that play GOW? Been playing it for 12+ years. Currently playing GOW 1 again. ❤❤❤❤❤,277,public,
GodofWar,t3_cau83n,Realm Tear Encounters in Niflheim - Worth it?,"So I've beaten the story, have the full Ivaldi set of Deadly Mist, beaten all the valkyries and the queen, itching to start NG+. Are the realm tears and chests in Ivaldi's workshop worth grinding in the maze for? Not my favorite part of the game and I'd like to skip them if the loot isn't worth the time.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_cav42a,The road to play platinum in God of War is the funnest experience I’ve had in a game,"The story is just incredible, and then afterwards trying to get that platinum trophy is even more fun. Slaying the Valkyries, searching for shrines, traveling to different realms, grinding for different armor sets, etc, etc. 






It’s an amazing journey and I wish I could experience it all over again for the first time.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_capukq,Valkyries,So I’m on the queen Valkyrie and I have no idea what to do any good ideas,9,public,
GodofWar,t3_casqc2,Vitality,"I really enjoy this fascinating game, but my god is it hard to find things. I’ve completed the main story and I’ve crafted all of Ivaldi’s armor but my main concern is with the other yellow armor sets because I destroyed the third trial of Muspelheim while wearing one of the lighter sets of Ivaldi’s armor. Using the resources I gathered over time and from that, I purchased the “Smoldering” set of armor, admittedly it’s not a Defense/Vitality set whatsoever. Nevertheless I had about have a bar of health and I was absolutely demolished by level 2 grunts at entrance of Helheim. Another thing is, I have a single enchantment that has VERY LOW CHANCE at creating AUORA OF FIRE, whereas each of the three “Smoldering “ pieces claimed to have a MODERATE CHANCE at AUORA OF FIRE, but I haven’t gotten it once. Maybe I’m reading it wrong, I probably am. But if anyone could help me out with finding more Vitality that’d be great.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_cank69,I missed the Eye of the Outer Realm,I missed the Eye of the Outer Realm when in the 'Escape from Helheim' main story quest. I looked it up and it said it should have went to my lost items but there is only Undiscovered. Is it supposed to be there or am I out of luck?,11,public,
GodofWar,t3_canxwf,God of war 2018 stuck at initial brightness/HDR Cinration screen.,"Hi my first time loading up God of War, will not make it past the Brightness and Contrast settings. None of the buttons work only the Playstation button. I have a TV that is 4K UHD and supports HDR, it was purchased last November. I even tried plugging my PS4 into each HDMI port with a premium cable, and made sure HDR was enabled in the TV and the PS4. I also tried reinstallaing God of War. I don't need HDR, I just want to play.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_cajfdh,"Just got the game, already cannot stand muspelheim","I tried seeing if anyone else is having issues but no, apparently there's dozens of these trials and I'm the only one who hates them all. I just don't get it. I could barely get past the second one. Am I just shit at this game lol...

Edit: Holy shit this turned really toxic! So many people telling me I'm shit at the game and I don't pay attention to the story, meanwhile I just try to express my concerns and I get downvoted into oblivion. I'm moving on with the game and probably gonna delete this post.",30,public,
GodofWar,t3_cav9sp,Ancients vs soul eaters,Are they the same?  Any differences between them?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_caqmuj,A question about armour.,"So storywise I'm in Midgaurd doing a fair bit of exploring. I've just started the quest to get the chisel and I'm wearing  a set of blue armour that's somewhat upgraded. I'm a smidge away from level 5 overall. 

Now, I've got the language cipher to enter the fire realm, and I've got the resources to buy a full set of purple armour, just not upgrade all of it. Unsocketed the blue and purple sets leave me mid level 4. 
Should I stick with my current upgraded blue set for now or spend resources getting the purple set? Unsocketed the blue set has mildly better stats but either way I'm still level 4. I don't have the resources to upgrade the purple set, that'd take me to level 5 which would be a no brainier.

Any advice would be appreciatrd.",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_calrvn,Suggestion on what to do next,"My first play through was last spring on GMGOW difficulty. I beat the game, probably got 90% to platinum and got to Sigrun. I tried her literally 3 times and just took a break. Well I never went back until I watched the documentary which hit me excited again. I started a NG+ on GMGOW+ (by the way the shield for beating it on GMGOW is disappointing) and just beat it again. I beat a couple of Valks, but didn’t go out of my way really. I still have a save from my original game where I have some ravens, some Nilhelm stuff and Sigrun left to do. Should I go back to that save and platinum? Should I continue down NG+ and try to platinum that? Is there any reason to go to a NG++?? Is there a GMGOW++ or is it just a repeat of GMGOW+? Appreciate all the help!!!",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_cako6o,Ascesion,Is it just me or does anyone else didnt like Ascesion that much? Should I give it a second chance?,11,public,
GodofWar,t3_catur2,Betrayal GOW,Thanks to this Reddit I now know theres is a GOW game called Betrayal. How can I play it? Where do I find it?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_cajbyc,"Fellow Gods, Please HELP! I gift free cookies!","I just got my chisel from the frost giant and fire blade of chaos.. This unlock multiple things..

HELP on where else should I explore?

As in where is a room with mirror?

Where is a place where I can use my blade of chaos to get good loot?

U gods are awesome.. Let's kill some Thor!",13,public,
GodofWar,t3_cajs9x,Does the making of documentary have spoilers?,I haven’t beat the game yet,9,public,
GodofWar,t3_caa1b4,GOD OF WAR BETRAYAL,"PLEASE I NEED HELP, I AM TRYING TO COLLECT THE WHOLE SERIES AND THE ONLY GAME I AM MISSING IS ""GOD OF WAR BETRAYAL"", I know that it was for mobile (phones) however, how it was purchased or downloaded I have no clue. All I ask is for some answers.",155,public,
GodofWar,t3_cakum8,New Game Plus?,What carries over to NG+ and what new things does it have?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_caswp9,Is that Odin at the end of God of war?,So after the credits roll Kratos &amp; Loki lay down to finally get some peaceful rest. Only to be awoken by a humanoid hooded figure. Who is at this point maybe 20 feet from the front door of the home of Kratos. The hooded figure stands silently as he calls down thunder around himself. Kratos and Loki rush out of the house. Kratos then calls out to the figure” 🗣WHO ARE YOU!” To which we neither you or Kratos gets an answer. Next thing you know Kratos and Loki awaken to realize that they had been sleep the entire time. I speculate that the hooded figure is Odin. This is completely his style. We have seen Odin visit people in their dreams or give them visions in broad day light. I’ll use an example. Thor Ragnarok! In Thor Ragnarok Odin often visited Thor in his mind. As well as Loki. The thunder is simply a show of power. Odin being the All father has abilities such as thunder and many other abilities as well. Also is we follow true God of war fashion I believe Kratos will fight and kill all of the sons daughters and warriors of Odin before facing the all father himself. I think the next end game boss will be Thor for the next God of war series. I also believe Odin will be the end game boss after the next install of God of war. I believe the purpose of us seeing Odin use this show of power to say to Kratos I’m watching you. After this last Game this next chapter in the life of Kratos. Odin now has an eye on Kratos. Kratos has the attention of the all father and that is never a good thing. Just ask the giants.,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_caaiw0,What exactly is skap slag?,"Lore-wise? I can't find a definition for ""skap"" that makes sense.",26,public,
GodofWar,t3_cacn0t,something that makes no sense in god of war 2,"In the beginning of the game, during zeus' betrayal and Kratos' death, zeus' dialogue was **""even now as you draw your last breath you continue to defy me? Everything you've ever known Kratos, will now suffer because of your sacrilege, you will never be the ruler of Olympus, the cycle ends here.""**

That should be what he originally said, but when Kratos rewinds time, right BEFORE he interferes, zeus' dialogue is now **""even now as you draw your last breath, you continue to defy me? *No matter...*""**

He was about to say something before future Kratos interrupted, but why was the dialogue different? Was it accidental or intentional? Did Zeus somehow guess that Kratos would mess with time?

This has been bugging me since I played it years ago and I haven't been able to find one topic that discusses this (potential) error?",13,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca1661,This game just scared the **** out of me!,They really got me. All game when opening a chest there was nothing but loot. But that one chest in the mountain climb where the enemy jumps out was so unexpected and loud I almost lost it. Very well done!,509,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca6qm1,Controlling Ratatotskr,Soooo I’ve been playing with this little guy for a while now and I LOVE him but is there any way I can MAKE him give me healthstones when I need it. I don’t use my rage bar that much so it’s pretty steady on full most of the time. But when my healthbar is almost depleted and he gives me ragestones. It’s practically useless.,48,public,
GodofWar,t3_cac6nw,GOD OF WAR BETRAYAL PT.2,"After a LONG time of trying to figure out a virus free way to get ""God of War Betrayal"" it has finally happened. I own a Samsung Galaxy S9 and I am now a proud owner of ""God of War Betrayal"", I would like to thank all of the people who commented helpful suggestions on my previous help me post when I asked for advice to get the game. I have the like for anyone who might be interested.",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_cad0nw,"First time playing, muspelheim armor worth it?","TLDR: any chest piece for muspelheim armor worth it currently at lvl 3 on hard mode (first time playing)


First time playing the game as I said, try not to spoil the story much when you say which armor is better, only thing I know is something called mist armor and Valkyrie armor but right now I just got muspelheim unlocked and I am level 3 on hard mode so I was wondering if buying a chest piece then saving materials for those armors would be worth it, thanks for reading this far",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_caf0mt,Valkyrie flashbang attack,"I’m on new game plus now, I noticed that I can’t stop vakrie flashbang attack with arrows now, only axe. Is this a new game plus thing",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca6jw0,How old is Kratos in GoW4?,"Definitely not in 40s or 50s as Freya says the temple of tyr has been underwater for 150 winters and there is a vase of Kratos but we dont know when tyr died and how long has it been between that and the temple being submerged.
I would guesstimate about 200 if u guys have theories and worked out the math, lemme know",18,public,
GodofWar,t3_cagq52,"My sister bf just took back his ps4 for maintainence.. Now I am feeling so void, unable to play GOW 😢","Ranting post, sadly..",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_caa08y,What is the translation of the runes around the door?,The door at home. Still can't figure it out.,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca7kag,European version VS. American version,I live in America and when I ordered the game off of Amazon it was the European version I was wondering if there were any major differences between them.,12,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca9jvv,Help With HDR Calibration,"So I'm got the new Go of War and I'm trying to set it up to start playing. The menu gives a good explanation of what each slider does, but each of the 3 images has a GoW logo on them and it doesn't say if you should be visable or barely visable. Or if maybe middle one should be visable and the outer 2 should be barely visable... Or not visable at all....",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_cabxzz,GOW SAGA NORDIC AND MORE... THEORY," Aquí mi teoria de la secuela, Cuando nos enseñan el supuesto spoiler de la muerte de Kratos... ¿y si no muere en esa escena? Osea en el siguiente juego empieza con la pelea épica contra Thor que sera interrumpida o no darse por completo ya que sera la última pelea como boss final. Kratos sera derrotado por algún factor en la primera pelea que tengan así Thor se llevara a Atreus,Kratos tendrá que emprender camino e ira a por su hijo y al final es posible que suceda la muerte de Kratos que vimos , ya sea porque Odín a manipulado a su hijo para que acabara con kratos ya que sabia que el traería el Ragnarok o ya que el mato a su hijo o algo ,dando así al 3 de la trilogía, con Afrodita o Hela (que seguramente aparecerá en este y le contara a Kratos sobre su hijo Loki quien es el padre de ella y tal para que así Loki no sepa nada y sea clave en la ecuación esta) volviendo de alguna forma en su forma de espíritu para guiarle al camino para encontrarse con su pasado Espartano por mucho que lo haya evitado volviendo una vez mas del inframundo (aunque con no dejarlo muerto del todo y herido de gravedad o una vuelta por los infiernos nórdicos en vida en plan hacer lo que tiene que hacer y para lo que nació), para dar caza a Odín (como Zeus de esta saga), Thor (Si es que lo dejan vivo si no) su hermano el Dios de la Venganza y algunos (semi-)dioses mas al estilo del 3 y en este sí quizás no sea Kratos quién de el último golpe y acabe con Odín si no ¿Loki(Atreus)? ¿Quién alomejor cuentan que la madre muere por la culpa de Odín para hacer de Atreus lo que fue con Kratos en el Olimpo,ya que sabía todo lo que fuera suceder? Y Que en esta 3ª entrega Kratos si de la vida por el, después de completar el ciclo traicionar,venganza,serenidad,ser traicionado y dando la vida olvidando la venganza y descansando en paz y que este lo resucite en un final en Fenrir y que a partir de la siguiente Trilogia si es que la hay, sea Atreus el prota quedandose con el nombre en honor a su padre por el nombre que le puso del compañero caído en Grecia (dejando atrás el de Loki) ¿y que Kratos sea el Lobo que nos acompañara en los siguientes juegos? 

&amp;#x200B;

 Y que por ejemplo una siguiente Saga en la mitología Japonesa por eso de ser ¿Gigante,Mortal y Dios?,Cielo,Tierra y Inframundo? o Egipcia y que trate de buscar el Ankh la llave de la vida esa la reliquia del Crash, para revivir a su padre , ¿pero ahora carrileando él?, contra dioses como Ra,Isis,Anubis,Thoth,Osiris y Amón (como Odín/Zeus)...? .La Celta no se porque pero me viene que seria el siguiente y solamente de ATREUS sin acompañamiento, para que se le coja cariño al personaje ya que no se por eso del dios de los animales y eso,que sea su Grecia que fue para Kratos,para que así se prepare para alguna de las otras 2.   

&amp;#x200B;

O otra opción y si Tyr es Atreus (loki del futuro) por eso de ser el dios de la guerra nórdico y que evitara por completo todas las guerras al contrario de su padre ya que le intento enseñar eso, pasando asi a Atreus de esta linea temporal resucitando a Loki en Fenrir (la imagen que se ve de alguien muy parecido a Kratos sin un brazo que en realidad es Atreus del futuro (Tyr) con la falda escocesa de su paso por la cultura Celta que se vera en el siguiente juego?) con esta variante tiene sentido que lo dicho anterior suceda para que el hijo fuera a la cultura Celta después de la muerte de Kratos para buscar respuestas, lo único que estaría fuera es que Kratos fuera el lobo,el estaría muerto pues hasta que consiguiera Atreus resucitarlo en la cultura Egipcia y así el dando un último rodeo por la Japonesa (dando un Fan Service de toda la franquicia brutal, con un poquito de todo).   

&amp;#x200B;

PD: Dicho así parece un refrito de la primera Saga pero con mas profundidad de personaje y la excusa para la venganza jaja aunque ojala fuera así la verdad me rentaria jajaja es que sabiendo que el creador le encanto la serie cancelada de Star Wars es capaz de hacer un (Palpatín) Odín dando mas profundidad a todo, no tan vacío como la primera saga.   jajajajaj sorry por la paja mental que me monté demasiado lío.Aunque si alguien quiere hacer animación,o un guión ya que quieren hacer la película llamad a este numero : xDDDD 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

\----------------------------------------------------------------

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Here my theory of the sequel,

When they teach us the supposed spoiler of Kratos' death ... what if he does not die in that scene? Bone in the next game begins with the epic fight against Thor that will be interrupted or not given completely as it will be the last fight as boss final. Kratos will be defeated by some factor in the first fight they have so Thor will take Atreus, Kratos will have to take the road and go after his son and in the end it is possible that the death of Kratos that we saw will happen, either because Odin has manipulated to his son to finish with kratos because he knew that he would bring the Ragnarok or since he killed his son or something, thus giving the 3 of the trilogy, with Aphrodite or Hela (who will surely appear in this and tell Kratos about her son Loki who is her father and so that Loki does not know anything and is key in the equation) returning in some way in his spirit form to guide him on the road to meet his Spartan past no matter how much I have avoided returning once again from the underworld (although not leaving him dead at all and seriously wounded or a return to the Nordic hells in life in plan to do what he has to do and what he was born), to hunt down Odin ( as Zeus of this saga), Thor (If it is left alive if not) his brother the God of Vengeance and some (semi-) gods more like the 3 and in this yes maybe it is not Kratos who of the last blow and kill Odin if not Loki (Atreus)? Who could possibly say that the mother dies because of Odin's fault to make Atreus what it was with Kratos in Olympus, since he knew everything that was going on? And that in this 3rd installment Kratos if life for him, after completing the cycle betray, revenge, serenity, betrayed and giving life forgetting revenge and resting in peace and that this resuscitated him in a final in Fenrir and that from the following Trilogy if there is one, Atreus is the prota staying with the name in honor of his father by the name he gave him of the fallen companion in Greece (leaving behind Loki's) and that Kratos is the Wolf that will accompany us in the following games?

&amp;#x200B;

And that for example a following Saga in Japanese mythology for that reason to be ""Giant, Mortal and God ?, Heaven, Earth and Underworld? or Egyptian and try to find the Ankh the key to life that the relic of the Crash, to revive his father, but now racking him ?, against gods like Ra, Isis, Anubis, Thoth, Osiris and Amun (as Odin /Zeus)...? The Celta do not know why but I think it would be the next and only ATREUS unaccompanied, so that you take love to the character and that is not why the god of animals and that, that is his Greece that was for Kratos , so that it is prepared for one of the other 2.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Or another option and if Tyr is Atreus (loki of the future) because of being the god of the Nordic war and who completely avoided all wars as opposed to his father as I try to teach that, thus passing to Atreus of this line temporarily resuscitating Loki in Fenrir (the image that is seen of someone very similar to Kratos without an arm that is actually Atreus of the future (Tyr) with the kilt of its passage through the Celtic culture that will be seen in the next game? ) with this variant it makes sense that the previous thing happened so that the son went to the Celtic culture after the death of Kratos to look for answers, the only thing that would be out is that Kratos was the wolf, he would be dead then until he got Atreus resuscitate it in the Egyptian culture and thus giving a final detour by the Japanese (giving a Fan Service of the whole brutal franchise, with a little bit of everything).

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

PS: Said so it seems a rehash of the first Saga but with more depth of character and the excuse for revenge haha ​​although hopefully it would be true that I would rent hahaha is that knowing that the creator loved the canceled Star Wars series is capable of make a (Palpatín) Odín giving more depth to everything, not as empty as the first saga.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

jajajajaj sorry for the mental straw that I rode too mess. Although if someone wants to do animation, or a script since they want to make the movie call this number: xDDDD",2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_ca7piu,Should I be using different equipment during my playthrough?,"It’s my first time playing, I’m at the part where I now have a talking head with me (Mimir I believe). I haven’t been paying any attention to any of the loot I’ve been getting and the only times I’ve upgraded things is when I’ve been forced to by the game. I’ve just looked at my inventory out of curiosity and I have so much stuff I don’t know what to do with it. I’m still using the default armour with no enchantments in any of the sockets.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_cahe5m,MOMOA4FILM?,"OKEY  I MAKE THIS CONCEPT OF WHO WOULD BE PERFECT FOR THE PAPER AND NOT THE BAPTIST I HAVE NOTHING ABOUT THE BUT PLS LOOKS FOR SOMEONE BETTER 

&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/kgs0gx27v0931.png

https://i.redd.it/3g6pfy17v0931.png

   
INTERESTED IN MY TWITTER OR INSTA SEARCH FOR THE WATER MARK XD",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9tusr,I'm excited to see how they show Asgard,I hope Santa Monica shows their version of Asgard in the next God of War. I loved every realm that they showed in GOW. My least favorite was Jotunheim due to the obvious reason that we couldn't do anything there.,398,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca546q,What if you cut Baldur's head?,would he be a new Mimir?,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca79ay,I need help,"Can someone write me all blood mead locations please, i mean regions",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca3qjp,Will I permanently miss anything by starting new game+ with an incomplete save file?,"Beat the game a while ago but didn't go into any of the end game content and looking to play though it again and 100% it. Will I be locked out of getting any items / what items will I be locked out of in new game +?

Also does give me god of war change anything other then enemy damage and hp?

(I already tried googling it)",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9vvad,"Hello, I am an Xbox player and just finished God of War","I bought a PS4 with the little money I had months ago to play Spider-Man PS4, and afterwards decided that it was a mistake to have spent that much money since I'm not exactly financially stable right now. So for a while, I just let me PlayStation collect dust with only one game for it and I went back to my Xbox. Luckily, I got a decent bonus of money and decided that now that the game was $40, I could reasonably afford it and see if it was worthy of Game of the Year.

And I must say, wow. What a great game, honestly. I usually don't play single player games anymore, and I've never played any other God of War games before, but this blew me away. I won't go into detail about the games praises since it has literally won awards for them, but I have been seriously missing out, and if this game has a sequel on PS5, I will certainly invest into one, no doubt.

Seriously, what a game that I've missed out on.",46,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca6apa,Buying Runic Attacks?,"There are 2 special runic attacks that can be bought from the shop for the axe and (SPOILERS) the blades. 

Essentially there's a special ingredient needed, which you get after completing trials in one of the realms.

My question is, is it possible to buy the special runic attacks for both weapons or can they only be bought for one weapon only?",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_ca689l,Sirugin,"I killed sigrun in NG+ Give me a challange with 2 pieces of Zeus armor, is it cheating or should I try another 90 times with other armor?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9vp4e,For the next GoW I’d personally love to see Svartalheim as another realm to visit (saw a post on how cool Asgard would be so thought I’d share this),"For those of you who don’t know, Svartelheim is the realm of the dwarves, it’s made up of a series of mines and is underground. I’d really love to be able to ride minecarts around there as opposed to a boat, there could also be some quests for Brok and Sindri if they also return which I’m sure they will. And there could also possibly be more stuff to do with Ivaldi and his sons there. Let me know any other ideas you guys have about this or a different unexplored realm for the next instalment.",28,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca17q6,Is Kratos left-handed?,He picks up things with his left hand e.g when he opens a chest,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9zo4n,I got the platinum,"I got the platinum trophy and I’m sad now. I’m sad there isn’t anything else for me to do I’ve done it ell upgraded the best armor, found all the treasures, and even took a few pictures. The trophy feels earned too more than any other platinum I have but when It was all over I was proud but also left wanting more.",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9unfq,Blade of Olympus,"I've replaying the original trilogy and realized that Kratos would be in possession of the Blade of Olympus as well. Given that there is no mention of it in the new game, what do people think happened to it?",19,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca1dl1,New.,"Just bought a PS4 and with it God of War, naturally I’m doing my first play through on the hardest difficulty the game will let me Give Me A Challenge.   ...only thing that really boils my piss is having to press O every time I want to grab a health stone. Has been the cause of death for me many times. Wish it would Kratos would just automatically consume it 😡😡😡😡",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9xjab,Hell! I can’t find the world serpent parody where he introduces himself as Gary.,"Hey!

Title is supposed to say Help!


Before this game was released there was a pretty hilarious video of the initial conversation between the world serpent and artreus. When asked what his name is he says in a really strange voice that it’s Gary or something similar.

Can any of you help me find it?",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9k8lz,Tyr knew.,"Going through GOW for the first time and it struck me how all the traps in the temple were design for Kratos with winds of Hel, Leviathan Axe and his strength. No other god would have Kratos's strength beside maybe Thor with the belt on and I doubt Tyr wanted Thor. Giants had the gift of foresight and prophecy so Tyr using that knowledge design his temple for Kratos to overthrow Odin.   


This is probably an old theory but I just got the game and I casually check the search. Didn't see anything like this idea.",598,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9xfsx,What’s the highest level you have achieved in God of War?,I’m currently stuck on about 2/3 of level 10. I can’t seem to get it any higher than that. Has anyone reached level 11?,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca3e6o,Just wanted to give y'all an update on my GMGOW playthrough.,"I did it. I beat the boss in Alfheim. It took me another 5 tries, but after adjusting my camera settings (recommended from another post) and listening to all the feedback, I slaughtered the guy. I'm ashamed to say I didnt realise that armor runes and the heavy attack rune were a thing. I also didnt upgrade my abilities for a looong time. I used the executioners cleave and the dodge attack the most. The clave came in handy when doing the lunges. I just got to the top of the mountain after beating the dragon, and am right after the cutscene with baldur. 

Wish me luck on my journeys",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9uj8k,[Spoilers] Final Realm question,"In sequence where you finally spread Faye’s ashes you see the realm is covered in dead giants, some suffering vicious wounds. If the giants had escaped Midgard and locked the path behind them, what happened to them in their own realm to lead to their destruction. I haven’t seen anything In the game to try to explain it, and even the main characters make no mention of the grim and horrible scene. Is there something I missed that explains the true reason for the death of all the giants?",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9y096,Noob question,So after beating the boss i left alfheim not realizing there is still alot to do and collect there. Can I travel back there using the byfrost? Will all the enemies be the same level? Sindri still going to be there? Sorry for the noob question just my first time going somewhere without following the storyline.,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_ca0ao7,A discussion about the sequel title,"Am I the only one who doesn't want the subtitle to be as simple and generic as ""God of War: Ragnarok"" or ""God of War: Fimbulwintr""? I don't know, something about it just doesn't fit to me. Any other ideas for a title? ""Gods of War"" is a better pick imo.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9yiq7,Gear question [spoiler],"I just started to play this game last week. Still have no idea why I waited so damn long! This game is fucking incredible!!!

Anyways I just finished tyr’s  for the second time. I’m level 5 and I have never paid attention to my gear. At this point in the game I think I need to.

That being said what set or gear is good? Is Tyr’s worth it? Travelers gear?  I don’t have a lot of mats for full travelers or the yellow quality gear yet. I just need some advice.

Thanks!",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_ca0si2,GoW3 Hades Tips please,"Hey y'all,  


I'm struggling with Hades on GoW 3 the phase after you rip out a lung (or whatever it is), it's similar to first phase, just seems to take forever. I can get up to that point without getting hit, any tips for that phase and beyond?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9p3e3,Can we talk about Ratatoskr?,"Every time I use him to fill up my health/rage meters before a fight, this squirrel comes out to verbally berate me while delivering life saving items. I FUCKING LOVE IT!! 

Bitter Squirrel for the win.",41,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9yghp,Will I like the game more further in?,"Before I start this I just want to say that I'm not hating in the game or saying it's bad, I'm just asking wether this game is something will enjoy if I put more time into it and get further or if I should stop playing it.

I don't know how far I am into GoW or how long I've played for but I've just killed a dragon, so you could use that to tell how far I am. So far the game has been alright, but I don't get the stuff about it being game if 2018 at all. The combat is obviously really fun and I like the stuff between Kratos and Atreus so far, but it's only slightly above average so far in my opinion. I have a lot of games I still need to finish and I don't know if it's worth finishing god of war if I'm not really into it so far. I know several games where people don't like it until near the end, where they fall in love with the game and I'm wondering if God of war is one of those games. Please could someone tell me if I'm not far enough in to understand how good it is yet or if It's likely just not a game I will like.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9vtu9,Is laufey the guardian?,In jotunheim they say only the guardian and the serpent stayed in midgard. Laufey and Jörmungandr stayed so she is the guardian right?,2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c9wsal,Close to the Platinum trophy,I have to defeat all Dragons and one is in Konunsgard but im not sure how to get there... i know its to do with Brok and Sindri but I dont where to start lol,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9wrjb,Has anyone heard anything on the sequel news yet. Besides Ragnarok is coming on the PS4 theme.,Was hoping someone might have some inside knowledge. I hope it’s not 4 years from now I hope we at least get a teaser trailer soon.,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9w8tn,Download in progress (stuck),"Hello, im trying to play through the game but im stuck in the mountains trying to pick up a tree

The game stops me from progressing and says download in progress, even though the game is fully installed",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9nr71,New Kratos is so much an amazing character that it almost makes me cry.,"I know... Strong post. But seriously. Whomever designed older, Dad personality Kratos deserves so much credit. I'm so proud of the man GoW reboot Kratos is. He's spent about 4-5ish games getting it wrong and in this one, he's just ""I'm gonna good Dad the fuck out of this game."" And he does. And I love it. Also epic beard. Ferda.",15,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c9pwg0,So more than a year later I finally completed god of war...,I can finally understand why it got game of the year. This is one of the best games I have ever played in my entire life. I could not find a single flaw in the game besides the fact that Atreus ran into walls sometimes. I’m still on a high after completing it. Now time to start finishing other games...,8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9v0uq,Camera Keeps Moving on its Own,"I’ve seen a few threads about this, but they all seem to mention the issue being a dirty controller. My PS4 Pro is almost brand new, and this is the only game it happens on. 

The camera seems to very often have a mind of its own. It makes the game unplayable a lot of the time. Does anyone know what the hell I can do about it?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9uzlx,Skap Slag exploit doesnt work and...,"Ok first things first, the skap slag exploit doesnt work.

Gmgow mode
NG+ First new game+ carrying over from gmgow
Just chopped mimirs head and went straight to muspelheim without reviving him

1. I watched videos and I manually saved the game in the travel room. I exit it and receive no skap slag and then once I exit broke shop, which is right after travel room, I recieved the sklag* and exp for visiting muspelheim. 
I reload the game and it starts again in travel room but I dont keep the 9 sklag I got from first save.
I'm guessing that they patched this by recieving sklag from exiting broken shop instead of exiting travel room as most videos show that u receive it after exiting travel room. 
Thoughts?

2. I unlocked the gem of mine enchantment in purple rarity (forgot the name) and was wondering, shouldnt I had received the perfect version? In my last run, I didnt unlock it as I wasnt aware of this missable item.

3. Is there any other place or method of exploiting sklag? I wanted to do full run in different armors and see the difference. But I definitely wont be more than 2 runs of it, after this one",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9u9b5,Why is this game so fucking hard?,"I’ve done most of the side quests after beating the main story, so I figured I’d start a new game plus and bump the difficult up to Give Me a Challenge. And right from the first battle, it’s stupidly hard. One hit from the ranged draugr attack and I’m dead.

I haven’t spent much time in the mist realm and I’ve gotten up to the kill 100 enemies challenge in the fire realm. I haven’t fought any of the valkyries yet.

Here’s my stats:

Level: 6  
Strength: 164  
Runic: 126  
Defence: 131  
Vitality: 44  
Luck: 40  
Cooldown: 34  
Hp: 162  
  
Axe level: 5  
Axe strength: 70  
Light axe runic: level 3 wrath of the frost ancient  
Heavy axe runic: level 3 glaive storm  
Axe pommel: level 4 Hræzla Farmadr’s Grip  
   
Blades level: 4  
Blades runic: 35  
Light blades runic: level 3 rage of the titans  
Heavy blades runic: level 3 tartarus rage  
Blades pommel: weightless war handles  

Chest armour: Ivaldi’s pauldron of deadly mist  
Chest armour enchantments: eye of the outer realm, andvari’s soul, symbol of fervour  
  
Wrist armour: bracers of the world serpent  
Wrist armour enchantments: mark of the ranger, symbol of defiance  
  
Waist armour: smouldering brimstone battle belt  
Waist armour enchantments: symbol of fortitude, symbol of cunning  
  
Talisman: aegir’s protection  
  
Any help or pointers would be appreciated, I love this game and would really like to beat the second hardest or hardest difficulty 🙃",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9r4su,Can't start new game plus,I finished my god of war game then i have sold it. After 1 year later i bought another game. Now on my ps4 it seem 2 gow game in my library one without disc and obviously one that i bought with disc. When i open game ps4 sees it like new game and its like fresh game i wanna play second time but with my gears so what should i do to open the game with +newgame ?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9rpgj,Valkyrie bug,"Just found out one of the valkyrie helmets dissapeared from my inventory and I can't get it back. I looked it up and it seems like I'm definitely fucked. I was going to start new game plus after I beat the queen, but now I think im done with it for a while. 

For the record I tried:
Loading older saves
Checked my inventory to see if I already layed it down.
Have made sure im not missing any valkyries
It's not in the lost items, because it literally can't end up there. 

P.s. I was on normal mode, and approached them after I beat the game. But, the valkyries were all way easier then I thought based on the reactions to them on here. I killed half of them on my first try. Their move patterns are really similar, and honestly if you just put a fuck ton of pressure on them it boils down to the same fight each time. I hope there are optional bosses like this In the sequel, but I hope they are way harder, and the regular bosses are as hard as the valkyries (not queen) in this one. Goodbye GOW(2018) it was a lot of fun, and then you ripped it all away.

P.S. 2: I really enjoyed this game a lot, and am not dogging my time with it at all. Definitely deserved game of the year, and it still has so much to improve on. The sequel is going to fucking murder.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9eacg,The woman,"Kratos looks off into the distance. The snow-covered mountains before him stretching for miles. He inhales the crisp air and then turns to the woman beside him, ""What is this place?"" The woman doesn't answer and instead produces an ornate vial. She gestures for Kratos to drink from it and puts the vial to his lips. Despite never having met the woman, Kratos somehow feels at ease in her presence. He takes a sip from the vial then pushes it from his lips. The woman follows suit.
""Welcome to Midgard?"" she speaks, as if to test the potion's efficacy. Kratos is surprised to hear the woman's voice. It is unexpectedly pleasant. ""We should make our acquaintances before this potion wears off,"" she continues candidly. There is something in her voice that almost makes Kratos smile. He keeps quiet as the woman walks closer to him. ""I am Laufey, one of the last of my people, and I know a great deal about you and your past, Ghost of Sparta."" The look on Kratos' face shifts and he promptly turns from the woman. ""You know of me?"" he asks concerned. ""I do,"" she affirms as she returns his gaze to hers. ""...and yet, here we are."" Again the comfort of her voice puts him at ease. They linger for a while before Kratos breaks the silence, ""Why bring me here... to this place?"" 
""Midgard?"" she asks, not shifting her gaze from his. ""For one thing, it's safe. No one will come looking for you here."" Her hands graze Kratos' arms where the chains were once seared to his flesh. ""These do not heal at all,"" she remarks concerned. Kratos grunts and pulls his arms from her hands. ""I have made sacrifices and for that I have paid the price."" he responds while tightening the rags covering the scars. ""Cursed"" she remarks almost callously. ""Well, with the exception of magic, time heals all wounds."" Kratos scoffs at her retort. ""And as luck would have it. Time is all we have,"" she smiles as the potion begins to wear off.",142,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c9ovay,Anchor of the Fog,"Hello, sorry if this has already been asked but I beat the God of War game and decided to go to Niflheim to see what's what there. I messed around there for a bit got the Ivaldi Armor Set and after that Sindri asked me to close some realm tears. The realm tears required quite a bit of mist echoes (know how to get those easy) and an item called Anchor of the Fog. I looked up some ways to get it and I went from the entrance from Sindri's shop and went to the far left room and found one first try. I was pretty happy, went back, got more mist echoes, been clearing out rooms and going back to the far left room where it spawned last time and I can't seem to get it to spawn anymore. I have tried going around the mase and clearing rooms about 13 times or so. Am I doing something wrong. Do I need to kill the Valkerie to get another one before others spawn? Because I've been saving the valkeries till the end but if I have to kill it now I will. Also I heard luck was a factor with the spawn so is there any tips to get luck up? Thanks for reading and sorry it was long. Any help appreciated!",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c9oa99,Does anything happen if you slot the Perfect Mark of Kvasir into the Amulet of Kvasir?,Do they stack at all? Is there any potential benefit?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9nequ,Is it possible to sell chaotic flames to broc or his brother at the shop?,Just wanted to know.,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9jd13,Roger Clark for Thor in the next game?,"I'm new to Reddit, so bear with me guys.

I've just finished the latest God of War, I've been a fan of the series since the very first one and absolutely loved this game. I was so impressed by it. After finishing it I immediately looked to see if a sequel was in the works or had been announced because I'm so interested in where the story will go next. 

I saw the message someone decoded from the PS4 anniversary theme and the tweets from Cory Barlog himself regarding ""Ragnarok is coming"" and with Thor obviously being mentioned and referred to in God of War. It then got me thinking on who could play Thor in a sequel game. They've already got a very solid cast from this game and the actor who sprung to my mind immediately was Roger Clark. He's burst out onto the scene with critical acclaim and I think he would fit the role of Thor perfectly. I think the depth he would bring to Thor would be stunning. 

What do you guys think?",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9jrw6,Should I 100% the game before playing NG+?,"Currently have fully upgraded my main weapons and fully upgraded Mist armor. I plan to fully upgrade my Health and rage. Also plan to kill all the Valkyries.

But what I’m wondering is, should I also try and find all the treasure, artifacts, and stuff like that... before I play new game plus?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9f7v1,Need tips defeating Magni and Modi,"So I’m able to fight these guys right until their last power bar. Magni keeps striking his sword into the ground blasting me with electricity, taking about a quarter of my health each time, and it doesn’t take long until I’m dead.

Any tips on how to beat these two douche bags? Are there any preferable talismans, or plugs or whatever which will give me the advantage?",19,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c9j9ky,"I wanna get into this franchise, need some help.","I have a few questions about this franchise:
1. I’m planning on playing the first and second game on pcxe2 emulator, can it hold up decent?
2.what difficulty is challenging but not too challenging ?(probably won’t replay the same game twice unless it has vastly different possible endings).
3. Is there really a freaking serpent that is as big as the world?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c953r7,New Kratos wouldn't make sense without good ol' annoying Kratos,"Although I got the game a year ago, I left it nearly at the beginning. I felt this wasn't GoW. Gameplay was different, atmosphere different. Even found Atreus annoying. Heck, I really missed Terrance Carson's voice. Then, I saw an article that Santa Monica Studios was about to cut out Kratos from GoW because he was annoying. Annoying! Can you believe it? Of course, they didn't and they're happy with the result. So I decided to give it another chance these last couple of weeks. 

&amp;#x200B;

Oh boy, what a ride.

&amp;#x200B;

I wasn't wrong about my first impressions: Kratos is not the furious god I loved to play with in the previous installments. But why should he be? Ultimately, he got his revenge and killed everyone in its path. Now, without the rage there's only remorse. The way he hides his chain scars from Atreus was the first sign of this. But the character development is gold: through out the game you can see how the patience of Kratos goes from 0 to 100. His kindness towards Atreus from -100 to 1000. He even joked around with Mimir. Kratos smiling!

&amp;#x200B;

There are many powerful moments, but the one that really moved me was when they were in Helheim and the image of Kratos was about to kill Zeus appears. The few times I've seen Kratos so defeated and ashamed like that moment were when they showed how he murdered his first wife and daughter. Maybe he was thinking how to explain the situation to Atreus. In turn, Atreus was like 'ok, I see it. No biggie.' Maybe he didn't understand the situation (he's an 8 year old boy, after all), but I felt that for Kratos was a great relief that Atreus didn't judged him. The love of a son.

&amp;#x200B;

At the end, they are a bonded team and Kratos is even capable of express his feelings freely, other than fury, of course. I would've never  imagined that in the old Kratos. In fact, GoW as a standalone is great. The development of father and son relationship is palpable, but having in mind the ""annoying"" Kratos was just yelling, killing and fu... fornicating mindlessly makes even deeper the change of the new Kratos. 

&amp;#x200B;

Now, I feel that the logical step for the sequel is that Kratos gets killed in the first part of the game (and not by his son). Why? Because he's redeemed himself and would make a proper transition for Atreus (Loki) to be the new gods slayer. In fact, I think that the proper title would be Ragnarok, without ""God of War"". But that's a topic for another post.

&amp;#x200B;

My point is: What a master piece!

&amp;#x200B;

tl;dr: The development of Kratos as a father and a being with feelings and doubts wouldn't be as powerful if we didn't consider the former ""annoying"" Kratos, were he was just furious and didn't stop for nothing.",415,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9np7y,kratos’ concern,"do y’all remember when Atreus was openly talking about how he gets mad at his father at times but it’s never enough to kill him, then moments later kratos asked when does he get mad?
i thought that was sweet of K lol let A know why he does the things he do. 
but nah, i got little frustrated when A cut K off about how he knows he’s “little”, it’s not even that. A can be very useful, just listen to your dad here and there, he’s ordering you for a reason.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9g9gt,An interesting dilemma,"So in the quest “Unfinished business” I was at iron cove and the ancients projectiles hit one of the lamps near the rock wall nearby, and I died shortly after but after killing it and trying to progress the lamp has magically disappeared and I can’t get through the rock wall to finish the quest, any help?",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9h8e0,Can the God of War Digital Deluxe contents be added to the physical version?,"In ""God of War"" for PS4, I see the Digital Deluxe version of the game comes with exclusive content that the physical disc version does not. Having bought the physical version recently, I'd like to have access to at least the costume skins and other in-game content the deluxe version offers. Is there some way I can purchase them or add them into my game?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9hm11,Can anyone help me defeat Sigrun?,"I have tried at least 20 times now and am no where close to defeating her, I’ve given up. Can anyone help me?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9d2no,Original games on psnow worth playing?,"Hey BOIS

Almost near the end of my first play through of gow ps4. First time playing a gow game, now I’m a huge fan. I’ve been thinking about buying gow3 remastered but then I saw all of the gow games on ps now. Are all of them worth playing? I’ve enjoyed my experience with gow but I’ve put like 60 hours into it retracing my steps collecting everything in the game lol. I’d like to not burn myself out, I’m really sick of nifilheim Rn. Long story short, do y’all recommend playing the OGs nowadays? I’m caught up on story and stuff but is the gameplay worth it?",12,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9l7go,Guys is gow4 worth it if I know the story already?,"So Im an xbox guy, but I got a playstation 4 with my bonus check, I was sick on missing out on PS4 exclusives. However I watched the cutscenes of gow4 put together as a movie on YouTube a few months back because at the time I didn't think I'd ever get a playstation. Is it still worth playing even though I know the plot, twists and turns, and who boi actually is? I'm a normie on this series so go easy on me pls",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8yu0w,I hate Alfhiem,"I've been stuck on the elve boss guy for the past 2 weeks. I'm ready to yeet my ps4 out of my window. Any tips for either?
Edit:I forgot to mention I'm playing in GMGOW difficulty",128,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8xiaz,Would this game teach me about Norse Mythology like the original trilogy did with Greek?,"I feel like after playing a God of War game from back then, i left it with a good amount learned about Greek mythology. Will this game teach true Norse or did they remix it",179,public,
GodofWar,t3_c986at,Loved this game. Any suggestions from this community for similar or other great games?,"This was an absolutely fantastic game, IMO. It had been sitting in my library while I played other games for a long time. Now, I wish I had played it immediately upon release. I'm late to it but loved every bit of the 2 playthroughs.

I really enjoy games where you get new skills over time and get new gear. Borderlands 2 is a game I played so many times.

Just fishing for suggestions and maybe find out about a game I'm unaware of. Hope this isn't against the sub's rules.

Cheers.",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8rwn8,Wish me luck.,I’m about to play give me god of War.,322,public,
GodofWar,t3_c9a577,I can't get tyr's chest or waist armor,I'm playing ng+ if it helps,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c94gah,Shattered gauntlet of ages +,"I have the new game + version of the shattered gauntlet of ages and even three of the enchantments (andvaris soul,ivaldis corrupted mind,Asgard’s shard of existence) and the gauntlet isn’t shooting out the beams,anybody know why?",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c98hov,Is God of War 3 Remastered worth playing?,"Just got a PS4 Pro and loving God of War at the moment (only a few hours in so no spoilers) and was wondering if the third is worth picking up?

Heard it’s not very good and some mixed reviews.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8x6k5,Just got platinum!!,"I finally beat Sigrun after countless attempts and some blood, sweat, and tears. But it feels so damn good!! Achieving platinum on GoW is such a sense of accomplishment. What a fantastic game!",29,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8mx0c,Which armour is worth investing in early in the game?,"I'm currently playing my first run through and am getting a bit overwhelmed by the amount of crafting options in terms of Armour, Talismans and Enchantments. I have just started the Inside The Mountain mission and am currently sporting Level 1 Death's Vow Shoulder Guard, level 2 Runic Forearm Bracers and Runic War Belt, with a level 3 Amulet of Kvasir... but feel like I should definitely upgrade my gear soon.  
Current options from Brok and Sindri's shops are mostly Common gear, but would any of these Rare items be worth crafting now, or shall I save for something better later in the game;  
Chest Armour - Defenders Culrass, Metal-Plated Shoulder Guard  
Wrist Armour - Defenders Arm Guards, Metal-Plated Bracers  
Waist Armour - Defenders Waist Guard, Metal-Plated Waist Guard  
Talisman - Talisman of Unbound Potential  
Axe Pommel - Curved Grip of Restoration, Weighted Grip of Restoration, Deadly Grip of Vitality, Light Grip of Protection, Light War Handle  
The Pauldron, Gauntlet and Belt of the Ancients are also appearing in the shops but I need more Ancients Rubble to purchase these and am assuming this will be a fair bit later in the game?",129,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8w9gg,[Possible Spoilers] Cory's comments about foreshadowing,"Just finished the game today and have been watching Cory Barlog's interviews after the launch of the game. He keeps saying that there is something in the first level of the game (near the home) that is staring you in the face that reveals a major plot-point if you're looking for it, but he wasn't ready to tell us what it was. Has anyone figured out what that is supposed to be? 

I'm just floored by the expansiveness of the vision and &gt;!the fact that Faye planned out literally everything in the game, from the very first scene!!&lt;",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8zhzs,Need HELP with Niflheim Farming in GmGOW Mode!,"Now that I have finally beaten sigrun on GmGOW in my first playthrough (not ng+), I came here to ask a few questions that some of you may be able to answer.

I already have Ivaldis cursed set at base level, none upgraded. I have the 2 things to do immediately:  

&amp;#x200B;

1. Get 2 more anchor of fog - I was lucky to have full rage, do 2 'rooms' before hitting the open field and being lucky yet again to have Ogre enemy type to destroy that field easy. Opening the chest gave me anchor of fog. I need 2 more, my question is, should I either just run through the rooms and go for the 'field' to kill enemies and hope I get anchor of fog or should I do the first 2 rooms and then do the field? I know the chance increases if u have opened chests earlier but does that mean there still might be a chance to get anchor of fog without actually doing the first 2 rooms? Even if its 1 in 25 or 50, is there a chance?  Sometimes I am just not able to beat 2 rooms for some reason, GmGOW doesn't allow walk in the parks. And this is my first playthrough so it also means that I am Lvl 8 at most without the top armor upgraded yet.

&amp;#x200B;

2. Max out Ivaldi's set - Not talking about other resources required that arn't in Nippl...Niflheim, what is the best way to get haze weave at first (since its low in availability for me) and then aesirbane? Should I do the maze (4 rooms) and hope I get from some chests or should I do everything, including 2 fields as well? Im on GmGOW and I can at most do 2 rooms and 3rd field/room if I got some rage meter built up.   My main issue also arises from the fact that things dont die so quick for me. What weapons you suggest I use? I have both of them maxed and I start off by doing runic attacks to let them sit on a cooldown but I can do 2 rooms at most, 3 if the enemies are easy. But the field room has tough enemies for me lol. GmGOW just makes things ridiculously hard. It took me 4 days to beat Sigrun. 

&amp;#x200B;

Revenants are the worst enemy types for me to face, what is the best way to get them down ASAP?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c90y1r,I need tips,"I have just finished the game in GMAC and I am planning on starting GMGOW+. I am currently level 7 and I am really worried about fighting valkyries because they were hard enough in GMAC. I am also worried about enemies turning elite. If anyone has finished GMGOW+ , I would love a few tips.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8v2l3,Finally Completed My Goal,"After about 500 tries I have finally beat Sigrun on GMAC+, no Rage, no resurrection, no damage.


Now I just need to get past Niflheim on GMGOW+ so I can do the same thing again!!",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8omk7,"Be honest with me, is there replayablity? or at least some type of arena mode?",Or is it just a beat in 2-4 days kinda game and be done with it?,10,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8cblj,Finally.......... FINALLY KILLED THAT NUISANCE cursed Helspawn Sigrun...... Feeeels So DAMN Glorious.,"It took me about 25 rematches and a resurrection stone to come out victorious. 
She got moves.

Wonder what batshit load of power the devs gonna give Freya if we have to fight her in the next game.",412,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8kfw5,Jörmungandr/World Serpent birthday?,"\*Another Spoilers Warning\*

&amp;#x200B;

I think I missed a key piece of info in the whole time travel story with the serpent. Mimir said that during Ragnarok, the World Serpent's battle with Thor shatters the World tree and sends the serpent back in time, *before his own birth*. Now that we've learned that Atreus (Loki) is Jörmungandr's father (as long as the game doesn't stray from this aspect of Norse Mythology), when would the serpent have been born? It would have to be before Ragnarok, right? Seeing how Kratos considerably shortened the amount of time leading to Ragnarok (3 winters), Atreus seems far too young and there simply isn't enough time for him to become a father.",29,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8hpgc,"Sigrun GMGoW+ Zeus set, no damage","Finally [defeated Sigrun](https://youtu.be/H8M2CVuVHCI) using the Zeus armour without taking any damage. By my count it took Kratos 34 hits, and Sigrun made 19 attempts to attack.",38,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8onir,Svartaljqfurr glitch? He can keep attacking after the R3 prompt apparently (Spoilers),"I fought him on GMGoW+, and was in the middle of an attack combo when the R3 prompt to finish him came up. The combo kept going and finished with an executioners cleave while the R3 prompt was already up and apparently this instigated him to get up and continue attacking me.

&amp;#x200B;

It was very funny seeing him do the flying charge at me a couple times with the R3 above his head

&amp;#x200B;

 [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C\_y6dEcuop0](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C_y6dEcuop0) 

&amp;#x200B;

Finishing Combo/Glitch happen at 1:25",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8lbtu,Gameplay ideas for the next game,So I recently got a ps4 pro and I've been waiting to play through God of War again. This is my fourth play through and it looks absolutely amazing. With it being my fourth play through I know combos and what the best setups are for certain situations but one thing I often find myself wanting to do but it's not in the game is throwing the axe while running. Like a super cool over head throw like you see with traditional axe throwers while charging would be great. Making it so I can charge far away enemys throw the axe and still keep my running going just to shield slam them sounds so satisfying.,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c854fx,"But Mimir is blessed with invulnerability to all threats, physical or magical.",I'm honestly amaze at how Mimir hasn't been squashed with all those time Kratos fell on his ass.,366,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8fu9d,Is it possible to upgrade all armor?,Is it possible to upgrade all armor im standard and new game plus? If so how much grinding roughly?,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8057d,why do people hate/dislike young kratos?,i mean yes hes a protagonist you can't relate to but who cares? hes badass as fuck,255,public,
GodofWar,t3_c85w69,Yes!!,Finally beat Sigrun on GMGOW after 3 weeks!!!,39,public,
GodofWar,t3_c85053,Whats the worst order to play the series in?,"I think the optimum way for a newcomer to experience the franchise with as much confusion as possible would be to experience the games in this order.

1st: God of War (2018)

2nd: Ghost of Sparta

3rd: Ascension

4th: GOW III (Only the First Half of the Game)

5th: Chains of Olympus

6th: GOW II

7th: Betrayal 

8th: GOW III (Second Half)

9th: Kratos Story in Mortal Kombat 9

10th: God of War (2005)

11th: Kratos Story Mode in Playstation Allstars",52,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8cjf5,What is the difference between new game plus and new game and is new game plus worth it?,It is the summer and I have become pretty bored so I thought id pull out gow4 again and finish the side missions but then I saw new game plus and im debating if I should try it,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8d2kp,I have a question.,"So, as someone who's played all god of war games at least twice I wanted to know if there was a subreddit for god of war and found this. Anyway my question is do you talk about just the new god of war, or the whole series?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8plhj,Are you all not paying attention to Cory Barlog’s twitter at all? I mean this is the God of War subreddit I was thinking you’d guys would be going crazy new theories are Cory’s updated twitter..,I mean his profile is all black and dark now with hints and outlines that point towards Loki’s puppies. Like seriously guys wake up and go look and Cory’s twitter. Don’t pretend like nothing is happening and the fandom is dead. Wake up,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c853di,Spoilers,So I just finished this masterpiece for the first time and at the very end Thor shows up at kratos’s door step. You guys think there’s gonna be a next game? The prophesy on the wall shows kratos being held in the arms of Loki (Atreus) do you guys think the sequel will have Loki end up killing kratos? Or even oden killing him? Or Thor killing kratos at the beginning in a hopeless fight and you play as Atreus. My minds going crazy,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7oddf,This game is a masterpiece,"When I first played the game I thought it was a great but flawed game. The story was good, but nothing mind blowing. The gameplay was satisfying. I hated the armor and level up mechanics. It just looked so bland. And I thought characters such as Freya was one dimensional (until the end of course).

A few days ago I started a NG+. I was blown away by all the hints about Atreus being Loki, and it was extremely interesting meeting Baldur and Freya again. Something about the game just clicked. Very hyped for the sequel.",349,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c84d1i,Can someone explain to me how exactly the 9 realms exist in the same space and how it is possible to reach them?,"My interpretation of the 9 realms and the Yggdrasil tree is that all 9 realms are within the same solar system and a literal Massive tree called the world tree is in outer space and is actually touching each one of these 9 planets. This in turn allows, whoever so desires, the opportunity to travel inside this magical tree to get to another planet which is described as a realm.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c840dj,Can you farm enemies? Specifically ancients?,It seems like enemies only appear when I first go to an area. Can I not make them respawn and make a full ancient set?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c8201p,Are there any benefits or incentives for playing on the hard difficulty?,"I recently picked God Of War back up and for my whole playthrough I played on the “hard” mode which definitely added a lot more challenge then I thought,but it was still pretty fun. However now that I am in the “endgame” where I’ll have to go back and kill the valkyries along with completing the Fire challengers and other miscellaneous stuff is there a reason to continue playing on hard mode?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c81qfk,Any reward for the platinum?,"I almost have the platinum and wanted to know if you get any sort of avatar wallpaper etc for obtaining the platinum, like with spiderman PS4 in which you got an avatar.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7vj01,Weird CD box,Today I bought god of war and I saw CD box is bigger than other ps4 boxes. Do you guys see the same thing in yours copy of god of war?,13,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7rqrj,Is playing on Give Me God of War worth it?,"I feel like the best way to play action games is to play them on the hardest difficulty. I remember slowly upping the difficulty on Horizon Zero, until I picked Ultra Hard and it felt natural and so far one of the best gaming experiences on the PS4. Sadly GoW does not allow some choice in that department. You're locked for good on the hardest one.

Having started on Give Me a Challenge and knowing how hard the first enemies of the game are, I was wondering if they become 'bullet sponges' and if so, the difficulty is artificially upped by increasing their HP and damage, without adding new flair to the gameplay. 

I apologize if this has already been asked before.",27,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7sn97,I enjoy my second playthrough a lot more,"I grew up with the first two games on ps2 and absolutely loved them to death.I switched to pc gaming before the ps3 came out, but then decided to move back on console.I owned a xbox one for most of this generation mostly because I got it stupidly cheap, and god damn did I regret that decision.It just wasn't for me, I like single player games and the ps4 exclusives were killing me.When god of war was announced I finally couldn't take it anymore, I started saving money and by the time it came out I had enough for the console and about five or six exclusives(one of them was the remaster of gow3 which I missed)

Gow3 was everything I wanted it to be, I just can't describe the feeling it game me, it was like being a kid again.Non stop action, and the boss fights were unbelievable.This got me even more excited for the new one, especially the ending that hinted to the new direction of Kratos


However..it didn't clicked with me the way I was expecting.Don't get me wrong, I still loved it, but it didn't blew my mind or anything like that, it wasn't a perfect 10 for me.The new camera angle felt wierd, the new Kratos felt wierd, the lack of QTE action(which I know a lot of people hate but I actually really like it lol),very few epic bosses, and having a freaking kid with me all the time, it all felt a bit wierd.The kid grew on me eventually and so did most of the things I mentioned but it still missed something, I really don't know what it was.I obviously shit my pants at that special scene(you know which one) but that was about it.


The wierd thing is that after about a month I found myself thinking back to the game.Like it left a mark on me.I was just randomly remembering parts of it and going ""hmm maybe that wasn't so bad"", ""yeah that dragon fight was actually really fucking cool"", etc.This went on for sooo long, but I was also going through a rough period then, so I said this time I will wait for the right moment and give it a proper second chance.


Three days ago I felt it was the right moment, I was actually more excited than the first time for some reason, and after two hours of playing I had to take a break and figure out what the hell was wrong with me the first time.It's not uncommon for me to like something more the second time, but never on this scale.EVERYTHING was amazing, the music, the acting, the gameplay, so many details I missed the first time.I got goosebumps all over my body when they burned Faye at the beginning, legit goosebumps for a character that is never even shown.That was the scene that made me realize how good the music is, and I played the rest of the game with headphones.I can go on and on describing everything I love now and didn't the first time but this post is already getting too long.I have about a quarter of the story left and I'm seriously considering starting a third playthrough(NG+ this time) right after this one, just because I spend half of this one wondering how could I be so blind.Oh and I'm also getting the platinum for sure.


And one last thing.It felt so good last night to barely be able to fall asleep due to excitement to play again.I don't even remember the last time I felt this.


Did you misjudged it at first too?Or did you ever experienced something similar to this with anything?",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7v471,Show us your armor/weapons builds,"Suprised there isint a thread for this yet. if there is i aplogise.

I made this thread at work out of boredem but wouldent it be cool if we shared our builds and enchantments? from armor to weapons. I will take some pics tonight when i get home of my build. Lets see what you guys have! Maybe we can all help each other out with some particular builds.

Im currently rocking the full valk+ set with the talisman of the realms.",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c821yp,Is it possible to upgrade all Ruinic Attacks?,Is it possible?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7tf8s,Looking for a raven,"Sooo my Midgard summary says 42/43 ravens found.
But every area that I zoom in on mentions 100% ravens found (2/2 - 5/5 etc) is there a raven that is not in an area?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7dpi2,The real reason Kratos keeps being called a God and not a Demi-God...,"Is because he became a full god at the end of God of War 3. Think about it, the Blade of Olympus drained his divinity, so it could have been possible to give it back. We just saw an extreme, maybe only, way of doing it. He stabbed himself with the blade in order to release the power of Hope to the world, but I strongly believe that in exchange the divine power that belonged to Kratos returned to his body. Kratos didn’t notice at the time cause he was bleeding out and then decided to take a dip in the ocean. By the time he came to on the shore of Norway where coincidently his Original blades washed up. Kratos was like “huh I definitely feel more godly than last week, not that I care or anything”. 

So in summary the other half of Kratos divine power left the sword and went back into him whilst Hope was released. 

I consider it to be a reward and curse for the actions he took in the trilogy. He rid the world of a corrupt and cruel pantheon but at the cost of the land he grew up in. And if he hates all Gods, by being one it gives him more reason to hate himself. Granted I’m sure he already did deep down, but he was in his “i will have my revenge” phase. Now he hates himself but loved his second wife and loves his BOI.",397,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c7r2bn,TIFU by not saving my sister's playthrough of God of War before gloating about my endgame build,"I know, I'm in the wrong subreddit but i think this would be a better fit here than anywhere else.

My younger sister is a noob and this was her first god of war playthrough. She's been playing on my ps4 account and she played for a week to get halfway through to the ""Return to the summit"" quest. I watched through her playthrough being an absolute knob of a backseat gamer and finally lamented on the state of her armor. Taught her a couple tricks to build her level up for the later stages and she asked me what level i had finished on. So i tell her, I'll show you and I proceed to load up my endgame build.

I showed her the level 8 build i had and gave her a chance to go through the motions in niflheim and proceeded to go out for stuff. Once i got back home, she was screaming and hysterical. I found out that she had never manual saved her game and the moment she played on my save game, her autosaves were deleted. I felt bad about it and offered her I'd play a new playthrough up to the point she left off at to make up for my mistakes. She finally relents and here I am now, 5 sessions in and done with half the game.

The replayability on this game is soo good and the cut scenes were so epic as any god of war game should be, I ended up probably enjoying it much more than I intended. I did manual save it this time and I'm thinking of just creating another save to finish off this playthrough. But then again, I might give newgame+ a go next time.

TLDR: Sister never manual saved game and i loaded my playthrough thereby deleting the autosaves. Had to replay god of war till her progress and had fun all over again.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7rtjd,Rewards for gmgow and ng+,"I’ve been playing GoW on gmGoW on ng+ for the shield skins. But, I’m pretty sure i cant beat the valkyries. So is it possible to keep the rewards, And then start ng++ for the zeus set?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7p0s1,Help,I must have overlooked an item dropped by one of the minibosses cuz now I can't upgrade my blades of chaos to the final level even though I beat the game. What do I do now,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c747n7,🔥,https://i.imgur.com/LXNm900.jpg,568,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7hwoz,Sigrun is absolutely effing me off.,"Got her to a sliver of health there and she killed me. Ressurection stone brought me back and as I stood up she had already launched into a second valhalla and stomped me. I would have had to have seen it and reacted in maybe two or three tenths of a second.

&amp;#x200B;

This is maybe the third time that this exact same thing has happened. She uses a killing move right after I ressurect wil practucally zero time to react. I have tried to spam dodge but kratos is still in the middle of standing up as she launches.

&amp;#x200B;

I am easily 50 tries into beating her and I think I'm just going to have to resign to the fact that I just won't do it. It's really taken the shine off of the memory of the game. I had so much fun playing this and now my only memories are frustration, annoyance and hatred of that character. I actually dislike booting the game up now becausesigrun had sullied every memory of playing it.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7kwoh,Cory Barlog: The struggle of making God of War | VentureBeat,https://venturebeat.com/2019/06/30/cory-barlog-the-struggle-of-making-god-of-war/,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7j99f,Picking Norse mythology makes the most sense,"I mean this purely in terms of ‘immortality’. The Greek gods, in Greek mythology were all immortal, like Prometheus for example, he would have his liver eaten by an Eagle and it would come back. The Norse gods (to my knowledge) are the only gods that aren’t immortal, they need those golden apples to keep them eternal, otherwise they would age and eventually die.

Sorry if this has already been posted",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7l14y,Am I going to be over-leveled?,"I am playing on regular difficulty on my first play-thru. I have explored absolutely everything and did all the side quests, and im level 3, halfway to level 4 and just completed the light of Alfheim journey. Just wondering if I should focus more on the main story to not make it top easy? 

Thanks!",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7dtu8,Is only finishing GoW 3 and knowing the general story of Kratos enough to enjoy and understand the references in GoW 2018?,I always wanted to play the new one because of the enormous amount of praise it got but wanted to enjoy it to the fullest. Unfortunately though I only managed to play the GoW 3 remastered and read a thing or two about the previous events that Kratos went through. Is this much of knowledge enough for me to get most of the references in the new installment? I'm really looking forward to playing it.,10,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7i9ew,Anyone need help with a tough fight?,"I’ve got an amazing at this combat system, and I just love to flex lol i’d be happy to help anyone out through share play",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7mh4n,The end(spoilers),"Let me start of by saying I absolutely loved this game. I was running out of PS4 exclusives I wanted to play because I recently got a ps4(much better than my Xbox one might I add) and I bought this game on a whim and boy was I in for an amazing surprise. Anyways I just beat the game and as I said I absolutely loved this game and the end was really really great but I was kind of bummed out the fight with Baldur was the last boss fight(already beat valkryies). I was expecting the last quest through jotunheim was going to have combat and a big boss fight which was kind of a let down when there was none and I was only there for about 10 minutes.

Not saying I disliked the last quest those last scenes scattering Fayes ashes hit me right in the feels but ugh, I don't know I just wish there was some combat and stuff after Baldur. Did anyone else feel kind of bummed out on that last quest to jotunheim? Maybe it's just because I really didn't want the game to end...",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7jf59,God of war 4,How do I level up like obviously I've been leveling up my Kratos but I'm a level 6 and it feels like forever since I did,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7ea11,The stag we kill in the start......,Why does it look like it was birthed by/came from Yggdrasil??? (really minute detail but always bugged me),8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7j707,Question about ps4 trophies and new game+,"I beat the game when it came out and got most of the trophies. I still have 8 trophies and most of them are the collection type trophies. 

My understanding is that trophy progress does not carry over with ng+. So if I'm missing 3 of Odins ravens I should try to get them in my original game and then move onto ng+ right? But the trophy ""Worthy- fully upgrade the leviathan axe"" I would be fine doing it in ng+ because my skills and unlocks on the axe will carry over and I can just unlock the final upgrade in ng+ right? 

I'm thinking I might just take the Raven, Artifacts and Treasure map trophies into ng+ since itll be easier to follow a guide as I play the game rather than back track trying to figure out which pieces I'm missing. 

Anyone else have any advise? I want to get the plat and need 7 more trophies but also want to play through ng+ till completion except for the valkyries...those girls suck. Thanks for the help.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7fwk4,I need some tips on combat.,"I'm just hammering the attack buttons as fast as possible. Can you guys send me some tips to improve my skills? Also, how do you parry and how do you activate locked combat?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7jgxq,Atreus at the end,"Atreus is part giant and part God but kratos tells him he is also part mortal, how is he?",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c7d67q,Could our beloved Cory releases the script?,"Cory, Your masterpiece will be remembered as a milestone in the videogame history.We think that releasing the complete script could benefit future writers. An asset to understand the videogame of tomorrow.Think about it.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c79ibv,Mimir’s past in Helheim,When you enter Helheim the first time Mimir says something like “I really wished to never see this place again.”  When did Mimir enter Helheim in the past?  And is this a reference to the mythology or to something I missed in the GoW story?  Thanks!,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c77fzu,"Second playthrough, the first conversation between baldur and Kratos... (Spoilers)","So we find out later on in the game that baldur had come to their house looking for Faye not kratos, so when he says ""I thought you'd be bigger"" he said that cuz she's a giant (lol cuz you know..giant) and when he says ""you know what I came for"" he's reffering to a way to reach jotunheim. When you first play it you think he's reffering to Kratos when he says all these things, but now on my second playthrough this first conversation is so eye opening

Edit: also when he says ""your kind"" I mean that's such an obvious tell now that I think about it",11,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c7891t,Atreus's journal (quest objectives),"Throughout the quest objectives page are descriptions for each objective as written from Atreus's point of view. This makes sense, since it is his journal. But for &gt;!""The Sickness,"" it's from Kratos's point of view. I'm sure others have noticed this already but it's the first time I have. His worry is even portrayed through the writing. I'm gonna go cry now. :'(!&lt;

&gt;!(All that being said, does that mean this one page in Atreus's journal is written in Greek? Lol)!&lt;

(Forgot to mark the title as spoiler, sorry.)",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6sp25,Noticed something about Kratos’ axe holder... don’t think it’s a spoiler since you see it from the get go,"It’s the Omega symbol. Last letter in the Greek alphabet. Same symbol of Kratos on the map. “I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the end...” Kratos is the end of gods. 

Picked the game up again after beating it at launch so this is probably a repost but I never noticed it so I thought I’d share.",368,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c769zn,Does Kratos beat Atreus?,"Kratos seems like the kinda dad that would at least spank his son, but even when Atreus was being a total dickhole, he didn't even smack him",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c73h4e,Does Atlas have 4 nipples?,"He has 4 arms, so it would be logical if he had 4 nipples.",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c76ntu,It's been a long time since I threatened to kill myself over a video game...,Thoughts on beating the valkyrie known as Eid?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c7562n,Qeastion,"What are the things that brok and sindri put on the axe after you visit them in the story

Sorry if my english is wrong",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c77fka,Can you beat the Hræzlyr fight with your bare hand?,"I'm thinking like Yhorm the Giant fight in dark soul 3, if I spent a lot of time punching away the dragon's health, can I eventually beat it, or will the game be like: ""Sorry, you need to use the sap.""

&amp;#x200B;

I want to do it purely because how badass it'll be.",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c7533b,Did anyone else notice this?,"In the fight with baldur where atreus calls the world serpent to help with thamur, his eyes turn whiteish blue when he yells out.",2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c6y6o1,God of War 3 Remastered - Scorpion Boss Bug,"I'm playing through GoW3 Remastered and I'm up to the scorpion boss but I keep getting a game-breaking bug. When I destroy three legs it goes down to the floor but the circle button prompt doesn't appear and pressing circle anyway make Kratos flinch.

I've tried reloading the save, going back a save, closing and restarting the game, restarting the console, and re-installing the game. I've seen some other people online have had it but reloading has worked for them. Any help here? If I can't find a fix then I literally can't go any further in the game.

EDIT: Reset my whole PS4 Pro, reinstalled the game and we're back in action",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_c74w2b,Hey! I'm about to start a new game plus and I have a question,Do I play the game just as I did before like are all the chests in the same place will I have to the dwarven favours again and what about armour I heard there are new more powerful items do I get those the same way I got all my previous items,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c74my4,Need some help,"Hello guys, certified idiot here. So recently I played around with my ps4 visual settings and made a mistake which apparently made the game bright in some ways. What i mean by this is that every time i exit a fairly dark cave everything goes white and then it shows the world. This also affects how I see some things since sometimes i cant even see the ravens because of how bright the outside is. (yes i did turn down the brightness i believe this has to do with the loading assets part of the game)",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6ut42,Need help,"New game plus, decided to farm niflheim and sindry won’t give me the key for the main chamber of the workshop. Despite me having like ten thousand most echoes. This happen to anyone else?

Edit: never mind turns out it’s in the store sorry :(",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6k631,Theory on the Desolation *spoiler warning*,"While on the bridge in Tyr's Temple, Freya talks about the desolation. I searched most of this reddit but I only found that most people focused on her phrase ""someone has meddled with powerful forces"" although it does still tie in with what I'm about to theorize

I took notice of her phrase saying that the desolation  ""...is a symbol of a world out of balance."" I believe that this refers to the destruction of the Greek Pantheon. 

As we all know, gods in the GoW universe are real, and that every ""land"" has their own pantheon. According to GoW, there are four main pantheons, the Greek, the Egyptian, the Norse and lastly the Japanese mythologies evidenced by the panel in Tyr's temple in Hel. 

Without the Greek pantheon, the GoW Earth is essentially out of balance because I presume that these pantheons are essential for creating and maintaining reality as is. It's like a roof standing on four stand, you take one stand out and the roof...falls a bit because it still has three stands but the stands now are strained because they have to carry the rest of the roof without the other stand.",237,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6stfv,Favorite runic attacks and armor,What are your favorite runic attacks and armor?,20,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6wbxj,Two questions about tiny details that have been bugging me.,"The first one is inconsequential and probably just ""it's a video game,"" but the second I feel like has some potential significance. Apologies if these have been discussed in the past, you know how the Reddit search function is.

1) After you come back from hunting with Atreus at the very beginning of the game, is the table that Faye's body was laying on just... Gone? I can't really think of a chance they would have had to move it between the cremation and returning. Other than atreus running inside to get his bow, but he was only gone for a few moments and I doubt he could move that table so quickly on his own. Or am I just absolutely COMPLETELY blind?

2) In the Light of Alfheim, one of the sequences has Kratos on a shore walking into a cave. Facing the shore is the Thor statue. Thor's statue doesn't face a shore normally, so this is obviously deliberate. But the shore also has a track in the ground leading from the water to the cave. We can only assume it's from the boat there, but maybe not. The fish flopping about would also suggest the water level went down again? All of these have to be pretty deliberate choices, but I can't seem to wrap my mind around them.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6rizu,Having some problems getting to 100% and with an upgrade,"Is there NO way to get back to the various collectibles in Helheim after escaping it via the ship? And is there no way to get the Glacial Catalyst (need the last one for an upgrade), that's found where you first fight Magni and Modi, after finishing the story? I heard that the revived Giant that was brought down by Jormungandr, in the final fight, goes down in that spot and you can't retrieve the Catalyst anymore. Did they fix that?",21,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6sgls,Need help with valkyrie queen,"I'm fighting her on give me God of War and I need help. I'm level 8 with 222 strength, 176 runic, 250 defense, 84 Vitality, 64 luck, and 105 cooldown. For runic attacks I have Njord's tempest, Ivaldi's anvil, Rage of the Titans, Tartarus Rage, and the wolves all at level 3. I'm using tailsman of the realms to give me extra combo time, the sharpshooter armor for Atreus because he gets arrows quickly. For pommels I have grips of forgotten flame and Valkyrie's might. I heard people say you could throw the axe when she's in the air but that seems to only work on her unblockable aoe slam. What do I need to do? Is it a gear thing? Do I need more patience? Is there a technique I don't know?",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6vtgv,Help with rage...,"So I'm on New Game+, I collected 9 of the apples and horns so I had max rage and health. But when I went onto my New Game+ save. THE RAGE WAS BACK TO DEFAULT!!! It's been like this for 3 days and I'm doing the valkyries. So can anyone help me out with this bug?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6ojvm,Does anyone know if there’s more significance to Baldur’s last words?,"At first I thought it may have been because snow was falling but after replaying the game I realised that the snow that lands on his face is the snow that is launched into the air when he falls. 

Could this still be to show the start of fimbulwinter as Ragnarok starts with Baldur’s death? Or is there another meaning I’ve missed?",12,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c6pxjf,Today’s my first time,"I finally saved up the money to get the game, any recommendations on what difficulty I should start with ? I’ve been playing GoW games for a long time but the Valkaryie hype is realer than real for this one....

Also, is an Atreus-only build possible/viable ? Or should I stick to classic bash and smash Spartan rage ?",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6cryd,I finally did it!!!!!,"I’ve been stuck on the Valkyrie Queen for a month and finally beat her. God she was a bitch to fight. I’m so happy 😭 
EDIT: I sadly never got footage of me beating her but here’s a video of a fight I had with her right before I beat her. Sorry for it being videotaped on my phone! I want to stream but I don’t have a computer built yet :( [Valkyrie fight ](https://youtu.be/HuMYVUa-Ap8)",342,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6qu5b,Whats the first armor I should spend skap slag on?,"So im about 1/4 of the way through the main story on my seconf playthrough, and dont know what armor to spend skap slag on. Im on GMGOW, and have been getting absolutely destroyed recently (tried killing Gunnr around 30 times before i gave up). Im currently using maxed out deadly mist armor, but the passive doesnt do much while in combat. 

I can currently craft Ares, cod of war, muspelheim, traveler and ancient armor. But all their stats look weaker than the armor im using. 

Any of these armors worth crafting or should i just save up my skap slag?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6qc0t,Should I upgrade armor or just wait for new and better ones?,"I'm torn as to whether or not early on to spend hacksilver and other items on upgrading armor, when I know a better piece will come along eventually, meaning my upgraded armor is useless and I feel like I wasted hacksilver. 

Help? Thanks.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6wh7k,Shave beard,There should be a option to shave our Kratos to GoW1-2-3 style.,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6s7gs,Things i would like to see in gow 5,"Although gow 4 is a good game, theres some things that will very likely happen in the next sequel, mainly they could implement:

bigger world ,  with  enemies that respawn.

hub with combat arena

more variety on different types of weather, such as rain, sun , night and snowing.

kratos revealing more  about his past to the boy

artemis and apollo make an apperance( maybe as bosses),

more history about faye maybe with some flashbacks

atreus learning to use his powers, shapeshifting,  flying  and spartan rage.

jump button

having world obstacles, such as climbable walls be more fluid and faster to climb with the mix of long jumps and using the &gt;!chains!&lt; to pass between big gaps.

mantaining&gt;! blades of chaos!&lt; and axe while adding other 2 weapons or 3. (such as a spear, 2 handed sword,  daggers) with other types of elements in them ( such as blue lightning)and different flow in gameplay mechanics and combat.

making legendary and epic armour waist slot also cover/ change the appearence from foot to legs.

god armour from god of war 2

adding an option to change equiped armour appearence to another one .

keeping the abilities that can be unlocked by xp and  also adding  different types of masteries  trees (maybe 4 or 5)  with perks that can be unlocked by obteining perk points , simillar to ""red orbs"" (from previous games) , that have specific improvements. ex: resolve: reduces damage taken  and finishing moves recover health . elemental: improves runic attacks and makes elements effects twice as powerfull.

more finishing moves and multiexecutions

bigger number of ""minibosses"" and bosses.

changes in spartan rage and add new moves.

more types of fights diversity , such as facing big groups of 30 or more draugr, groups of bears and small armies of humans.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6misa,Oppenheimer (Ghost of Sparta spoilers),"I'm sure this discussion is like 8 years out of date but here it goes...

I just beat Ghost of Sparta, and at the end of the game Kratos says ""what have I become?"" And the grave keeper/Zeus behind him says ""death, the destroyer of worlds."" This is a famous quote by J. Robert Oppenheimer after he helped create the atomic bomb. ""Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds"". I did some googling and found that Oppenheimers relative worked on the game, and this quote is also present in GoW2 as an Easter egg. But disregarding the relative connection, Oppenheimer said he got the quote from a rough translation of the hindu text Bhagavad-gita. If this series keeps moving forward do you see Kratos going to take down the hindu pantheon? There could be some really badass fights there but idk if it would be a bit controversial since it's not a dead religion like Norse and Greek... what do you guys think?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6ma4u,How to get back into the underground part of Alfheim after restoring its light?,"I'm trying to go for the Platinum Trophy, and one of its dumbest trophies is 'Collect all the Artifacts'. Now there's an artifact in the section we have to go through during the Journey. But now that I'm done with the game, I need a way to access that part so I can get my dumb artifact. I'm completely lost. Any help is appreciated.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6l6gg,Sketch Drawings in the Journal,"Hello guys, I have been looking for the sketches in the journal (monsters, mimir, valkyries etc.) but can't seem to find them anywhere. Do you guys know where I can find them (preferably a compilation of them in pdf format) ?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6cpam,My take on the future of the game,"I believe it's all connected and every little bit is going to affect the future.
- Ragnarok has already started and according to norse mythology, Thor will be killed by the serpent's venom, which is embedded in the leviathan axe after the first encounter between kratos and the serpent. So kratos is going to kill thor and thor kratos.
- Loki is the father of the serpent, Hel and Fenrir. The last is the wilf that kills Odin and also the mother of skoll and hati bringers of day and night. So in essence, these giants children of Loki are therr before Loki was born. Meaning that there was another timeline in which Atreus birthed them and sent them back in time, a perfect and smart plan illustrating the godly power of Loki. And I believe the serpent did not go back in time because of this powerful fight with Thor, he was sent by Loki and the reason he hates thor is because Thor kills his grandpa basically.
The Loki of the first timeline had planned all of this. This is the timeline in which victory happens. With all, of this in mind, I, also think Atreus from the first timeline blew the horn (plus he knew when his young self and his dad would be too busy with the sickness to either see it or give a Damn) 
- Concerning the valkeries, they will basically make sure non of the soldiers of the hall of valhalla would be of threat to kratos and atreus.
- Thank you for your time.",16,public,
GodofWar,t3_c61rv1,Wow! Just WOW,"Hi guys. I’m new to the GOW series. I’ve never played any of the previous instalments. A friend lent me the game and i was sure this wasn’t my type of game. But man, was I wrong. I’m only about 60% through as a guess and I am astounded. The sense of scale is amazing!!! And where are the boring loading screens?? The interaction between Kratos and his boy is a masterful example of how good story telling in a game can be. 

I can’t wait to finish up and will certainly be a day one buyer when the next instalment comes out. 

Anyway back to the game.",259,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6fzof,Brightness in-game?,"So I was just wondering is it supposed to get really bright at times depending on which areas you are going into or if you are standing right in rays of light?  Sometimes my game gets really really bright during those areas. I set my brightness to 59 and I normally have to set games brightness up around 70 so I was just wondering if it's normal for it to get so bright sometimes. I don't have hdr for my TV.

It's just driving me nuts if I reduce the brightness down to 50 it gets really dark indoors so if this is just part of the bloom effect or something then I can stop trying to mess with it and focus more on this absolutely amazing game. Just want to know if the brightness at times was intended.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6fr4m,How long has Jormungandr been at the lake of nine from the moment we start the game?,"I’ve decided to play through this game a third time and as I got the lake of nine for the first time, I started to wonder how long has that serpent been hiding in that lake hanging out, waiting for his dad and granddad to come along",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c6g6od,queen valkyrie boss fight,"how much time did it take for u to defeat her ?

for me honestly it took 1 hour",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c61vb4,The axe has Jormangandur's venom in it...,what could this mean for the thor fight?,54,public,
GodofWar,t3_c66fvm,Raising Kratos,"This is an amazing documentary on the making of God of War

(I’m new to this game and to this sub, I’m sure this has been posted before but hopefully it’s been awhile.)

[Raising Kratos](https://thenextweb.com/creativity/2019/05/10/watch-sony-made-a-god-of-war-documentary-as-good-as-the-game/)",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5t3x7,Kratos was almost cut from God Of War,[https://www.ign.com/articles/2019/06/26/kratos-was-almost-cut-from-god-of-war](https://www.ign.com/articles/2019/06/26/kratos-was-almost-cut-from-god-of-war),360,public,
GodofWar,t3_c68hfi,Question about GMGOW+,"Do you get both shield skins (GMGOW and GMGOW+) as a reward if you finish GMGOW+ or only the GMGOW+ shield? 


^(I really hope this time I can post, 4th attempt)",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c6auzt,Didn’t use Cleave GMGoW+,"I just realized on my 2nd play-through I never once used an Executioner’s Cleave; as the labor showed up on Sigrun. I can’t believe that. But given the vulnerability of it, maybe reflexively?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c64524,Lost traveller collectables,"So, I just knocked a traveller off the top of one of the towers just as he was turning to dust. The collectables appeared but half of them including the armour piece and grisly trophy fell off the side... Everywhere I have seen says that if you knock an enemy off a cliff etc, the collectables appear beside you (which I have had with other enemies), but there is no reference for them falling with the enemy.
Just for clearness, I knocked the enemy off the side just as I hit him with the axe, as he was falling, he turned to dust and two of the collectables fell off the side.
Any ideas? Have I lost them for good?

Edited for spelling and marked as spoiler (even though was as vague as I could be I think) just in case! Oops",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c628sw,[Spoilers] Ragnorök explanation??,"Hello guys! So this may be a stupid question. So I am a but confused with the whole Ragnarök thing? So it basically says that when Baldur dies and a couple other things that trigger Fimbulwinter and then Ragnarok happens. One key thing happens in Ragnorok and that is Odin and The World Serpent fight and it shakes the world tree so hard that the world serpent gets sent back in time? A few things...
1. Does the other gods and people get sent back in time because the world serpent said that he recognized Atreus but he is only what 9,10,11 years old? So was there an older atreus Loki already or what?? Sorry if I don't get that!
2. I guess I heard Mimir say that Odin was after the giants because he wanted to predict his fate of Ragnorok but it had to have already happened since the world serpent recognized atreus already right? So Odin knows he Is gonna die but in the mythology it says a new God or gods cant remember, so has it already happened or not or has it happened numerous times??

I'm so sorry if this is confusing, I most definitely have this backwards but even if I do I just need a clear explanation I guess! Thank you and sorry for the confusion!",9,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c6bsre,The Ghost of Spardas faith theory (Spoilers included),"So I am sure at this point we have all played and completed the series as a whole at this point(or at very least the new game). What I wanna discuss is what Kratos' faith will be in the next game. 
As we know Kratos will for die at some point so Atreaus can ascend to become his best self. What some people might not know in regards to mythology is that Loki was always the one who basically killed Balder, started Ragnarok and was responsible for the end of the gods. Before Ragnarok there is the long winter which lasts about 3 years ( it states three long winters which I'm taking as years so they can age Loki a bit). After which we will see an older and more trained Atreaus, but one that is still learning the Spartan ways. 
Anyways I think before he meets his final faith Kratos will have to confess to killing his family(his daughter his wife, his sister and his father), and how he threw the world into the disrepair. How he is the ghost of Sparta, and he can never be the parent Atreus deserves. 
Kratos will die, handing the torch (blades) over to Loki and give us a final game with Loki looking for revenge against Odin who will have no doubt killed Kratos.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c63n3p,God of War Ascension problems with network pass,"Hi,

&amp;#x200B;

So I recently got myself a PS3 to play some games I missed from that console generation including the god of war remasters (which i wanted to re-vist in HD) alongside god of war III and ascension: As it turned out I very much loved the games much more than I remembered when i played the first two on PS2, so I started to see if I could get platinum trophies for all of the games, which is something I rarely do unless I love the games and can't stop playing them. when I made my way to god of war ascension I encountered a problem, even though I had bought the game new it didn't come with a network pass, so i can't get the very last achievement I'm missing to get the platinum trophy, which is to play the multiplayer tutorial. So I bought a network pass through the PSN Store, but even after I download it, it still won't let me play the multiplayer tutorial. So I am writing to ask if any of you have had the same issue as me in the past, or if you would happen to know how it is that I get access to the multiplayer tutorial so I can get my one missing platinum trophy. Is there something else I should do once I download the network pass? I can't seem to find it anywhere on my PS3 once it has been downloaded. 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm sorry if this doesn't make much sense, as english is my third language. I have also contacted PSN support about it, but I haven't heard anything back in two days now, so I'm hoping that any of you lovely people can help me out.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c66ykz,GMGoW Muspelheim,"Hi, so I'm on my first GMGoW playthrough and am in Muspelheim trying to complete the 100 enemy kill challenge and I can't quite get there. I normally die around enemy 65 or so, though I have got down to 43 at one point. Any help would be welcome!",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5vit5,Blades or Axe?,"Whenever I watch someone play GOW, they always pick the axe and basically neglect the blades whenever not playing in Hel, but I just do way more damage and feel more fluid with the blades. 

What about you guys, which do you prefer?",15,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c6072c,The Last Drawing on the wall seen by only Kratos.....,"Mates, could you please explain the final drawing on the walls of Jutenheim, which is seen by Kratos but not by Atreus as the cover flutters only to give a brief view.

It shows (as I understand), someone lying on (Atreus' lap maybe).

Could it be a prophecy of death for Kratos, dying on the lap of his son as the cursed ashes of his late wife and daughter are lifted to reveal his true skin?

Or is it someone else?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5uy8r,I made the game so much harder for myself,So I got god of War last month and was on my 3rd play through of the game on give me a challenge mode and was on the boat in Hel and only just realised that you can use the blades of chaos to relight the fire that keeps the boat in the air.,15,public,
GodofWar,t3_c61pom,Speculation/Predicting Major Plot Points of the Next Game,"Hi all, this is my first post!  
 (LARGE SPOILERS AHEAD)

  
So I've been finding out information about the original descriptions of Ragnarok and it appears that unless the key events of Ragnarok are adjusted, Kratos may not get to defeat as many of the main gods in the same way he did with the Greek pantheon. Specifically, Thor and Odin, two characters who seem to be the most likely choices for main antagonists of the next installment in the franchise, would die of causes other than combat with Kratos and Atreus.  
   
It is mentioned that Jormangandr and Thor will both kill each other in an epic battle, which is gonna be incredible to witness, and also super sad cause I love Jormangandr!  Also, as written, Odin is eaten by Fenrir, which means Kratos wouldn't be able to kill him, and Loki dies fighting Heimdall, whom we have yet to see in the franchise, though his horn is a collectible item. 

  
So what do you think? Will we see Ragnarok as written or will Kratos kill many gods who would have died otherwise in combat with other Norse gods? Will Atreus and possibly even Kratos die? Let me know your thoughts and I hope this gets some good conversation going.

Update: I think I might have sent the wrong message the way this was originally phrased. I am completely fine with Santa Monica Studios changing the mythos for the sake of story! If they totally change things up I think it would probably work in the game’s favor by giving more authority to Kratos and ultimately the player.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c63415,Zeus Armor Sprint Speed,Is it me or does it seem faster sprinting with the 3-set?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5pn4v,Why is Sindri’s name “Atri/Atree” in Neil Gaimans book “Norse Mythology”?,"Another huge fanboy here who’s freakishly/ridiculously obsessed with Kratos and the entire God of War story! Played every game multiple times, read all the novels that have been written, bought all the digital comics, named my dog after him, many GoW toys around the house which my fiancé hates, blah blah blah Blades of Chaos are the greatest weapons ever invented blah blah...

I wanted to ask this question about a year ago, but totally forgot until I was flying home from a trip last weekend and decided to re-listen to Neil Gaimans “Norse Mythology” book on my audiobook account. 

One of the first stories he talks about is concerning how Thor got his hammer (along with 5 other largely important items in the Norse mythology world), and the epic crafting battle between the Sons of Ivaldi vs Brok and “Atri/Atree”...not Brok and Sindri, as they were introduced to us in the new God of War game. I understand that Santa Monica isn’t following the mythology “by the book”, but they also don’t do anything without meaning behind it...so when I noticed the name change in the book from the video game, it got me wondering. 

Is Sindri a character in Norse Mythology that we don’t know about yet? He wasn’t mentioned by Neil Gaiman anywhere in his stories, so it’s very odd to me that Santa Monica would change one of the most famous dwarf brothers in this mythology UNLESS there was a reason for this which will reveal itself to us in future games? Or maybe I’m looking too deep into this, but even though they’re playing with the storyline of Norse mythology, all the major players seem to be the same except for this Sindri/Atri name...

I know they combined Frey and Freyas character into being one person, they’ve killed off characters who are supposed to survive Ragnarok, and the whole point of GoW games is that Kratos changes everything “that’s supposed to happen”...but this seems a little too dramatic of a name change to not be significant IMO. 

Any ideas?!?",38,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5hwar,"So, I'm an idiot","I was under the impression that to level up your skills, you needed to have the required stats. For example, I thought the very first Leviathan axe close combat skill executioner's cleave required 100 cool down to get. This is false. You need 100 cool down for the additional bonus. I'm about to go to jotunheim and I've been playing an artificial hard mode because I'm an idiot.",383,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5pbm5,Brok &amp; Sindri Fangamer tshirt,picked up a couple of tshirts for fathers day for myself from fangamer. this is one of them and i love this one. the other tshirt i have is of kratos and atreus on the boat with the world serpent in the back. grear quality materials and they came with some pretty cool god of war stickers! [photo link](https://i.imgur.com/tSMiPIO.jpg),40,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5zkv5,Incredible amounts of things to do,"I love to explore and get as much done as possible. Early on when on the lake of nine it pretty much points you in the direction that furthers the story. What impressed me was the side area of veithurgard, with the chained up dragon. That whole area took a decent amount of time to complete, and I was blown away by the length of these optional areas. Loving this game so far!",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5xmwl,Possible Jormangundr Horn Theory,"This may have been discussed before but I have the feeling that the mystery “horn blower” when you return to Freya is none other than Kratos/Atreus. If the very likelihood of time travel coming into play in the sequel makes me think this is a strong possibility.

I’m trying to think of a movie equivalent to this theory where it is found out that a key event happened as a time loop from the main character(s) to change the timeline. Can’t put my finger on an example.

I wasn’t able to check out what the world serpent is doing on my current play through right after returning to the lake of nine following this moment. Anyone see something different?

Thoughts?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5pfqv,Niflheim tips,Title says it all. Got the game recently and am planning on getting platinum and for that i need to pass through niflheim so i can get the armor to kill the valkyries,14,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5zlp8,i am struggling trying to pass the 3rd sword in Muspelheim,"UGH! my goal is to kill the dark elf lord, but the main opponent has a shield every time a minor enemy is spawned. i can only make it up to fighting the revenant 😭😭 i just want more material!! any tips?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5y3qc,Sigrun+ Ground Slam Help,"Is there some super secret squirrel way to dodge her abrupt aerial groundslam? I have tried single dodge and double/roll when she flashes red and she gets me every time unless Kvasir’s triggers. And I pretty much have all her other mechanics on lock in GMGoW NG+ save for the immediate right wing Jab which I counter by almost always keeping on the move to the right.

Update: She’s dead. The backstep to avoid her Valhalla was the piece of advice I was missing. Thank you all for your help!!!",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5y3n7,Having a hard time beating Sigrun,I’m wondering if I attempted this fight to early I have a set of invaldis armor. I’m level 7 I can almost win but seem to always die when I have her down to a quarter of health left and I don’t have fully upgraded rage or health should I even be attempting this? I’m on my 3rd day of fights,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c57uw4,Is it ok to play god of war on easy?,"I've been a gamer since the first Sega and till recently I've never had a problem before with controls, platted many game but had a bad car crash last rear and the the old noggin ain't been the same. 

Spiderman was the first time I noticed it after nearly a year away from games and due to frustration i put it on easy and thankfully so far I don't seem to have missed any content.

Is God of war the same?",534,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5v9dn,What does the weapon circle glowing during combat mean?,"So whenever you're fighting with the axe or the chains you can see it's icon in a circle beside the runic attacks, if you get enough hits with either weapon you slowly see the circle start to fill with it's respective elemental color until it eventually fills and begins to glow. What does it mean?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5qdmp,GoW PS4 ravens glitch,"Hey all,

Just finished my new game+ run and think I have a glitch. 

I have the trophy for getting all the ravens, every individual area has 100% ravens but the midguard check list still says one missing. 

I got the trophy so I don’t really care all that much but that lack of a check mark is driving my OCD gamer side crazy. 

Any suggestions?
(Will post pictures/proof if asked)",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5tnl5,Baldurs tattoos...,Does anyone have close up images of baldurs tattoos? Or links to a website that has them.,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5sdqs,Help with the pause menu,"If you pause the game and look under the weapons or armor tab for Kratos, next to the HP and above the stats there is a large number inside of a cube, with a color shading that seems to be rising, what is that? Can’t find anything online.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5rp38,"River Pass artifact glitch, can I still 100%?","I've got all nine masks appearing in my journal, but on the map it's showing I only have eight. Which is used to trigger the trophy?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5k9rx,Combat mechanics,"We always talk about what the story will bring in the next chapter of GoW, even the bosses we would like to see. What about the combat mechanics, what's on your wishlist? At the top of mine is a more fluid deflect/posture system similar to Sekiro. Imagine Kratos dual wielding the Blades of Chaos, deflecting with one blade, striking with the other in a fluid fashion.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: essentially the blades switched stance but as a permanent combat stance using one blade to deflect attacks instead of the shield, with the ability to switch to axe/shield should the situation require it.",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5o9lt,Why does the Leviathan Axe feel slower?,Did they update the game or something?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5nu1i,Need help finding missed chisel door,I just got the chisel. Is there a way to find the previously missed chisel door?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5ibpu,The world serpant knows Atreus. What does that mean? (Potential spoiler for those who are still playing),"So after the world serpant first speaks to mimir he said something to mimir that he found interesting, we later find out from mimir that the world serpant had said that atreus seemed familiar. In Norse mythology the world serpant is the son of Loki aka atreus. So does that mean that atreus will eventually make the world serpant or was it just a nod to the players from the devs?",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5vnin,Leaked upcoming Bloodborne game!,"&amp;#x200B;

[They saw CTR and thought they had to jump on the karting wagon](https://i.redd.it/c31hx2zqjr631.png)",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c586mf,Magni and modi,"I cant kill them on gmgow they do this stupid thing where modi hits you with his  lichtning bolt that last for 10 sec and modi his sockwave that does massive damage, any tips pls

Sorry for my english",46,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c5hf2z,Who would make a great Thor?,I think Roger Clark would be a great fit for Thor since a slight change to his Arthur Morgan voice would be fantastic.,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5jy7k,Man I feel stupid for not checking the trophies!,Just finished gmgow play through and it was tough! But now I’m kinda disappointed......,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c50wdj,"Was missing one Odin’s Raven, got the achievement for getting all of them",I had one Odin’s Raven left on Midgard out of the 43 there. I had 42/43 and it gave the achievement for getting 51 of the Ravens. Is there 52 of them or did my game get wacky? We went on and got the last Raven which gave us 100% completion on the market collectible stuff.,153,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5gp4w,GMGoW+ Sigrun Help,"Looking for some pointers/builds to make this fight less brutal. Running all Cod ATM but getting hosed by her Stomp after she dives.  I’ve got 2 pieces of Zeus but that pretty much one shots me if I get hit. Best attempt so far is 40%.  

And I thought her 1st iteration was rough

Update: Needed a little pointer on single dodging back Vs. Her Valhalla Stomp and then she was dead. Thanks for all your help!!!!",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5i5b5,Midgard flood theory,What if kratos caused the flooding of the bifrost temple by killing Poseidon? Just a thought.,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5cb1n,What to Do After Finishing the Story on GMGoW?,"I know _what_ to do, I’m really just wondering what order to do them in. From what I’ve read, the hardest Favor is Prove Your Valor (Valkyries), so I’m saving that for last. I was thinking about getting the final upgrades to my weapons. Is that a good place to start?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5i3ir,A plot hole ?,"So when kratos fights the stranger he destroys the environment in front of his house 

but when he returns to take the blades it's like they never even fought !!

how did this happen ?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5huej,God of war 2 time travels effect on bosses.,Since kratos goes back in time to stop himself dying wouldn't that techncaly mean none of the bosses died post prolog including the sisters. because he never had to fight them?,1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c5bzrb,Why did the Stone Mason edition come with a horse statue?,"I was just wondering what the significance was of the horse statue that came with the Stone Mason edition. I couldn't find any discussion about this online and don't remember anything about it in the game (though, admittedly it's been a little bit since I played). I didn't play the old games so is it a reference to those?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5e4yp,How do I effectively level up my stats?,"[spoilers] so I'm about to go to jotunheim butmy stats are pitiful and I'm running into tons of hard enemies. My str is 75, runic is 30, defense is 60, vit is 8, luck is 18, and cool down is 16. I know that leveling up stats is all about gear but every piece of gear levels up like 2 stats and only by 10 or so. So I'm losing stats from my previous armor to gain maybe 10 total stats if I'm lucky, and those are in a different place. Should I really give up str for cool down?

How do I go about actually leveling up my stats? I also can't spend experience on the axe page because everything requires runic, cd, or vit at like 150",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5dxv3,Finally 100% the game on Normal. Am I ready to leap to Give Me God of War?,"I had a couple of challenging moments in my first play but I just nailed Sigrun without any need for resurrection on my sixth attempt fighting her and feel like I'd like a challenge on my next go. Or am I really underestimating the difficulty of GMGOW? Pray for me. It'll be my first Platinum but I won't be satisfied until I have the Zues Armor.

Edit: This will be a ""New Game +"" GMGOW",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4oe4q,Mimir's Tales full guide,"Part 1

- For best results it is advised to wait until you get Mimir's head before acquiring or completing any sidequests.

[ ] Mimir on Baldur
- Must fast travel back to Brok's Shop twice before activating the horn after reviving Mimir's head, will trigger after the discussion about Freya spitting in Mimir's face and Kratos tells him to speak of Baldur instead. The next Realm Between Realms travel should trigger it, will need to boat to any realm travel point on the map. Another conversation should trigger while in the boat heading towards the travel point that talks about the spitting again. Should trigger after that while in the Realm Between Realms before using the Horn in the A New Destination quest. Will likely not trigger after this quest, or as late as after The Magic Chisel.

[ ] On Magni and Modi
- Should trigger upon travelling the Realm Between Realms after triggering Mimir on Baldur. Should trigger in there before using the horn and finishing A New Destination Quest. Will not trigger after The Magic Chisel quest, and possibly after A New Destination.

[ ] Baldur and Odin
- Triggers at the next Realm Between Realms travel as early as before finishing A New Destination and as late as before entering Tyr's Temple in The Black Rune quest. Might need to listen to Mimir's stories in the boat first, they trigger if you wait a bit and then move the boat.

[ ] Odin and Jotunheim
- Triggers at the next Realm Between Realms travel, after the previous one, as early as before finishing A New Destination and as late as before entering Tyr's Temple in The Black Rune quest. Might need to listen to Mimir's stories in the boat first, they trigger if you wait a bit and then move the boat.

[ ] Odins Prophecy
- Triggers at the next Realm Between Realms travel, after the previous one, as early as before finishing A New Destination and as late as before entering Tyr's Temple in The Black Rune quest. Might need to listen to Mimir's stories in the boat first, they trigger if you wait a bit and then move the boat, two stories about Freya are all Mimir tells in the boat up to A New Destination.",233,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5c804,Idea for a GoW spinoff. (Sorry if done before),"Spinoff title: GoW The Son of Sparta or The Last Son of Sparta
Premise: Focuses on an adult Atreus exploring his father’s homeland of Greece (Kratos dies and the end of the Norse trilogy in this scenario). As he explores he learns more about his father’s past and deeds as the Ghost of Sparta. Also along the way he fights the remaining Greek gods left alive from the war such as Apollo and Artemis (I know Barlog said they were dead but hopefully he will change his mind). 

Final Boss : Athena who has somehow found a way to regain her physical form.

Scene I would like to see happen: Atreus meeting the spirit of Caliope. 

Please write your thoughts and opinions down below! I would like to know what you think or could be improved! 🙂",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5brfx,Precision axe throw?,"Sometimes when i throw my axe it does no damage and sometimes it does almost all an enemies health. I don't understand why. What are the weak points for the axe throw on enemies, is it just headshots? I've only been able to do massive damage on the fireball dudes sometimes, can I almost instakill lots of the enemies by throwing in the right place? Im at the beginning of the game",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c5agxe,My Thoughts; A Retroactive Second Impression,"I don't do these for games I didn't want to like. If I know I won't like a game, I don't play it, and if I wanted to like a game but don't, then I end up even more gravely disappointed. Such is the case with God of War 2018. I've only ever done this style of impressions thread on Reddit twice before, with Kingdom Hearts 2 Final Mix, and Devil May Cry 3. In Short, God of War has many merits; the great production values, cinematic presentation, top-notch animations outstanding character dynamics, rigorous, bass endorsed sound design, jaw-dropping environments, a scintillating color palette and a near endless creativity. Yet, all of this becomes null from the disjointed, dysfunctional gameplay.

&amp;#x200B;

I bought the game Day 1, and beat it on Balanced. At the time, I liked it for a little while, but the game dragged on for me at the end and I became anxious to just complete it already. By the time the game ended, I was lukewarm on it and basically just forgot about it. Whilst looking for other games to play on my Ps4 because all I play on it are Sekiro and Resident Evil 4, with Furi thrown in there for good measure, I decided to give this game another try and see what it has to offer in terms of mechanics. I play all my games with headphones as close to my TV as comfortably possible, so I judge all my games from the same baseline.

&amp;#x200B;

First off, I want to re-iterate that I wanted to like this game, and I have given it more than its fair share of chances. I also realize that while the gameplay may not meet my standard par, the more abstract features of the game are excellent and deserve their praise. However, I will be focusing solely on mechanics since I have a bias for pure gameplay.

&amp;#x200B;

When we think of gameplay, most people think combat. The reason for this is because combat is the most involved form of gameplay, and as such, combat can quite literally make or break a game, even if everything else is fine. This is due to the nature of the interactivity, which is different from the passive nature of watching a bad movie. You can forgive a bad movie for wasting your precious, passive time, but bad combat is hard to forgive because it's interactive, and inherently more investing from the player. Now that that's out of the way, let's talk about my biggest gripe with the game:

&amp;#x200B;

**COMBAT**

&amp;#x200B;

Combat in this game is quite literally a mess, but why? Well, it's an amalgam of different gameplay facets that do not mesh well together. I played this second playthrough on New Game+ and on Challenge mode and the cracks make their name on this difficulty. I see many people say this game was inspired by Dark Souls, but was that really a good idea? Does everything have to be like Dark Souls? I like the Soulsborne games, but definitely not for their combat. Their combat meets par, and that's it, but it works because the entire game was designed with its mechanics in mind, just like how in Resident Evil 4 the camera is positioned more crudely than in GoW, but it functions because the enemies were designed to accomodate the camera. You never feel like you're fighting the systems in these games, but it always feels that way in GoW.

&amp;#x200B;

*Movement -* Kratos has weak mobility options in the game. He has a dodge and a roll, of which will be spammed pretty much constantly while avoiding fray in the battlefield. That's not a good implementation of side-step movement because it's not psychological game design. The feeling of a well-timed button press is unprecedented (in games, ofc), but in GoW, you will hammer buttons non-stop at the expense of no reward other than 'the encounter is done, pat yourself on the back'. I don't like this because the encounters themselves don't feel rewarding during battle, and as such, I only feel relief when the battle is over. The game loves to make the player 'feel' powerful from the cool animations and things like Spartan Rage, but these are just a strong coat of paint on a faulty core.

&amp;#x200B;

*Positioning -* Going back to Movement for a bit, Kratos also has a skill from with the back dodge R1 the sends him further back while throwing the axe. This can be considered a mobility option, but it doesn't work because positioning in this game is non-existent so BOTH you and the ENEMY have *move assist.* The enemy can start an animation from 6 meters away, and suddenly slide all the way to Kratos like the arena turned into a hockey ring. This completely negates the importance of positioning in action games and is another reason why this game needs a gameplay overhaul for the sequel.

&amp;#x200B;

*Camera -* I'm no stranger to bad camera angles as long as they're accommodated for the encounter designs. Do you know what GoW's accommodation is? Some arrows in the bottom of the screen. I cannot believe people defend this because this is quite literally **amateur** combat design. The developers themselves don't even know what they want the player to focus on.

&amp;#x200B;

*Identity -* This games lacks an identity of its own in the gameplay. You look at other great action games and one can immediately deduce what their purpose for existing is; it's quite philosophical. Bayonetta - Dodge offset; Devil May Cry - Combo Showcase; Vanquish - movement and cancels; Nioh - Stances and Ki Flux, etc.. GoW's purpose is.... to tell an interactive story. In terms of gampelay, it has no purpose. It feels like the devs got together and focused on what some trendy gameplay facets are popular in AAA gaming, decided to put those in their game and hope it would mesh, whilst keeping their cinematic vision in tact.

&amp;#x200B;

*Difficulty Design -* The faulty systems in place that create a disjointed combat. Let me provide an example of a game that is even harder, yet is still a replayable masterpiece that I've sunk 1000hrs into. This game is Ninja Gaiden 2 on Master Ninja difficulty. That game is a literal to-do list of how NOT to design difficulty, but even in the wake of that, I still find myself coming back to the game ON THAT DIFFICULTY over and over again. Why? Because the game's systems are so focused, so efficient, that I can't help but play it. In fact, I feel like the unfairness actually gives the game a certain charm, due to its unpredictability keeping the combat dynamic absolutely timeless. Even though that game has the balls to stack the deck against you every chance it can, it knows your deck is strong enough to handle it. GoW has no such deck. This is why the higher difficulties are an exercise in arduousness. I'm not giving NG2 a pass for being poorly designed difficulty, I'm giving it a pass because its systems are so good that it can afford to be unfair, and even benefit from it at times. GoW has no such luxury. GoW 2's higher difficulties need to focus on **FLOW** before anything else, as that is much more important for this kind of experience.

&amp;#x200B;

*Enemy Design -* in terms of visual designs, they are incredible, but in terms of function, they all behave the same. They are all tackled so similarly, that it becomes a formality. Not to mention the lack of variety in the enemy designs. I don't mind a lack of variety as long as the A.I. demonstrate the qualities necessary in present to carry the lack of variety, but they don't. Revenants are the one enemy in the game that dared to do something different, and people seem to hate them. Goes to show that devs just can't win sometimes.

&amp;#x200B;

All in all, this game gets many things right. Its animations are stellar, the world design and environments are unmatched, the color palette is vibrant, sound design is phenomenal, character dynamics are interesting, the dialogue is outstanding (it's a SCRIPT!), and many, many more great things about the game. Unfortunately, for someone like me who values gameplay above everything, I could not get into this game even though I really wanted to. The disjointed mish-mash of different, contradicting ideas end up creating a mess that I have to clean. It seems people forgive these flaws simply because the coat of paint is so strong, it practically carries the game.

&amp;#x200B;

I hope the sequel improves on the gameplay, because this series can truly be more than just a great script and great environments, it can be a **great game, too,** and that's what I wish to see for the next installment.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c58j9s,Gear on NG+ GMGOW,"About to start a NG+ playthrough and was wondering if theres any gear thats only unlockable in GMGOW difficulty, or if I can get everything in NG+ regardless of difficulty?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4y0g5,Fuck that bitch Olrun and her Chicken wing punch,"How do you dodge that attack 😭😭😭

My first playthrough was me dodging right continously but I'm using zeus Armour now.

I can't afford to use that tactic she'll end me with one mistake.",11,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c5cbxb,Next game speculation,"I'm probably not the first to have this idea but boy I sure do hope Kratos dies and you play as Atreus in god of war 3 style murdering the Norse mythology universe as much as I doubt that that is going to happen because of Kratos' focus on teaching his son to break the cycle of God murder but man I'm just thinking purely about gameplay and that would be so fun, also it's kind of a pipe dream but it would be really fucking cool if they did go with my idea and they made the gameplay more reminscent of the old games, like a hack and slash platformer where the camera isn't right behind you, (where you can actually jump) the camera being far away like the original trilogy compared to dad of war could also be used demonstrate how he is detached from what he learned in the 4th game and reflect how murder isn't an intimate thing for him anymore due to him falling back into the cycle and just repeating what his father did, personally I like the new camera I just think that would be a very cool meta thing to do.",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c53uh4,Recommended difficulty for nearing the end of the story and valkyries,"Not sure if I'm actually nearing the end, but it sure feels like it. Spoilers tag just in case. I've just brought the Jotunheim tower back from the ""realm between realms.""

Basically, I've struggled with finding a comfortable but fun difficulty the entire time throughout the game. I started off on challenge mode, and I quickly got tired of being two-shotted by heavy draugr and revenants while also having to pay attention to the many smaller enemies running around, so I lowered it to balanced mode a little while after lowering the water level the first time. Since then, it's just felt way too easy. I had trouble with that one valkyrie that constantly flies up in the air and stomps your face in, but other than that I don't think I've died a single time. I did change to ""give me a story"" mode so I could farm muspelheim and niflheim, but as soon as I finished upgrading their respective armors I went back up to balanced mode, only to find that the game is even easier than before since I have pretty much maxed level gear (for now, at least). So I'm thinking of moving back up to challenge mode, but at the same time I dread those early game memories of dying countless times just to get through that one draugr gauntlet as soon as you fall through the bridge after leaving home.

Advice? Tips? What are the endgame bosses like? (Without spoilers) I know the final valkyrie is supposed to be hell, but hard boss fights are fun to me. 

I stop enjoying myself when I have to juggle 1-2 big guys capable of 2-shotting me along with some smaller enemies and a few others chucking fireballs at me. That's more obnoxious and unbearable than it is fun, imo.

Edit: why the downvotes? What did I say?",2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c4xhnl,God of War 5 predictions?,"Am I the only one that wants the title to be more unique than ""God of War: Fimbulwintr"" or ""God of War: Ragnarok""? What do you think another possible title would be?

Anyhow, what're your story and gameplay predictions? I think for one thing that Odin will be teased and it'll be a terrifying sequence. It'd be scary because we only see things from Kratos and Atreus' perspective. So we know about Odin only though stories, and he's a sadistic and powerful god from what's been told. Imagine if he pops up unexpectedly and is very taunting and intimidating. And Kratos and Atreus have to escape from him or something. I think that'd be great. Also Mimir is totally getting a new body.

I have this unrealistic desire that Kratos goes back to Greece. Not happening but still",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c47z4d,My female Kratos cosplay. Please tell me what you think!,"&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/0xs5mgs1l3631.jpg

&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/s3mwlpxzl3631.jpg

https://i.redd.it/2j51a0g9q3631.jpg

If you would like to see more, please follow [@missmikkas](https://www.instagram.com/missmikkas/) on instagram! :D

&amp;#x200B;

After playing the latest GoW at release it definitely became an instant favorite. I choose to cosplay Kratos because of his badassness and beautiful character development in the latest game. This is my second cosplay I've made I hope you guys like it!

This cosplay is selfmade with the exception of the shoes and the glass flask.  

&amp;#x200B;

You can find the photographer for the first picture on [@Solliefoto.se](https://www.instagram.com/solliefoto.se) on instagram.",1253,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4vo6e,"GoW 4 OST similarity to GoW 1,2 or 3 ?","Are there any similaritys of GoW 4 OST to GoW 1 2 or 3. I mean something like the ""Main Notes"" of the vengeful sparten theme from GoW 1",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4r2u0,Are the Valkyries fair?,"I've been doing all the valkyries and while they're certainly beatable, a lot of their gimmicks seem at best cheap and at worst completely unfair. Like for instance the one who blinds you will then fly out of your range and it's impossible to approach without getting hit and she'll stay back and throw blades at you and it's just 50-50 as to if you need to dodge or block and if you need up there goes 20% of your health. The one I'm fighting now has a stun based move that you can't dodge or block and takes 30% of your health bar. Again they're all beatable just it feels like I die a lot to moves that are impossible to predict and i have to spend 20 minutes spitballing against it until I fall assbackwards into the counter for",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4k2pt,Is Sindri able to travel to Egypt?,"image: [https://ibb.co/5KPH9TK](https://ibb.co/5KPH9TK)

&amp;#x200B;

This might be a bit of a reach but I was doing a second playthrough and after you beat the Dragon Hraezlyr and thus saving Sindri, he wants to give you a gift and starts digging in his magic purse and one of the weapons he drags up stands out. The colours reminded me of Ancient Egypt and the shape of it is like nothing else in the game.  The end of it seems like a snake but the crescent shape of it is common in the middle east. 

&amp;#x200B;

What do you think?",30,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4q7v3,The future for Broc and Sindri,So I was thinking for God of War 5 what will happen to Broc and Sindri their story arc is so i was wondering whether they will be some new rivalry maybe with another set of dwarves or there will be a mission which helps them return to Svartalfheim. Any opinions?,5,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c4y7lj,Artifacts/Ravens/Treasures,I’m currently working 100% the game. I’ve done all trophies except the fetch stuff and I was wondering if there’s anyway to track the specific ones you’ve already gotten? I think I know the answer but figured I’d give here a shot. Thanks in advance.,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4m1q8,God of War bundle? Dark Archie,"Hiya, i'm nate and about 52. I am looking to buy god of war the last re-meal and dark archie bundle i've seen on this reddit, how can i do this and where shop?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4usn9,Do you think God of War (2018) a betrayal of the series?,"I have seen this sentiment every once in a while and disagree with it.  I've seen people say that it was just pretension to think the games needed to mature.  Which I partially agree with.  Seeing as how the series basked in the violence of it's protagonist but also showed the irony of Kratos becoming a petty and extremely cruel God who values his desires for revenge above everything and everyone.  GoW was never Shakespeare but it wasnt Transformers either.  I've loved the GoW series since 2005 and don't care for when people say that the series was just mindless violence, but GoW (2018) felt like a natural and earned progression of Kratos' character.

In summation: I have seen the sentiment that GoW (2018) is a betrayal to the series.  But is it a very common feeling?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3zqxg,"It must suck to be Mimir, sometimes. I feel for him.","Mimir says it himself 

""It's hard to be happy about anything when you're a severed head!""

It's tough to imagine what a living head feels like. Just.. tagged on the back of Kratos. 

What's it like when Kratos and Atreus sleep?

What's it like to breathe through your throat stump?

What's it like to see?

Good thing he's got stories to tell and folks to chat with.",228,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4hid3,did anyone know that you can activate the attached position change for the ax by pressing x after an attack? but for the one with bare hands it doesn't work,I haven't found a discussion about it,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4f2rl,Do you understand how good will next game be?,"Artreus will be able to shape shift, we will fight thor (and probably odin considering they didnt want to spoil anything in the teaser) and have more drama with freya. Just dont kill my hype pls.",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c46qxx,God of War and Being a Better Person (Video),,19,public,
GodofWar,t3_c459jb,Pandora's Box,"As far as I remember, Pandora's box was opened in GOW  1. The evils went to gods and Kratboi absorbed the power of hope. But in GOW 2, Athena asks him to seek the power of Pandora's box. Isn't the box already empty by this point? Kratboi opened it already. So what was it supposed to even possess? If Athena already knew  (probs she did) that the box's empty, why send Kratboi go through all the hassle?",23,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4d94l,What does The LUCK enchantment do?,"I’m replaying the game after a year, and I have forgotten everything. 
What does luck do? Is It a good enchantment? 
What is the most preferable enchantment?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4c620,God of War meme gifs,"yo, could someone throw me an imgur link for the meme gifs that Santa Monica made? cheers folk!",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3uhp0,"Almost done with my fifth or so play through the game, and there's still a lot I'm finding.","-""Rota, Gunnr, Skuld..."" when you go to the Council of Eight to fight Sigrun and Mimir explains Valkyrie backgrounds. Skuld isn't in the game. So MAYBE WE FIGHT MORE VALKYRIES IN GOW5. I hope. Or maybe Berserkers instead of Valkyries.

-When you toss Mimir's head to Brok before walking up the stairs to Jotunheim, Kratos has the slightest smirk on his face in knowing he's somewhat torturing Mimir. 

-Whenever there's a pivotal moment of dialogue between two characters (Kratos and Freya primarily), there's something between them that highlights the moment. When Freya tells Kratos she knows he's a god, Atreus is trying to pick herbs up to heal Hildisvini. Between them when they talk before the final battle with Baldur is Thamur's bracelet (with a word I can't translate) and that highlights something between the scene. But I have zero clue what it is or what it means.

-When Freya gives Kratos the travel rune to Helheim, the camera closes in on her face. It looks like her face is being sucked dry. Almost sickly. Clearly throughout the game she's getting darker tattoos on her maybe through her use of magic. Her fingertips, her arms and shoulders. But her face looking like it was draining was important.

-In a scroll, while looking for Andvari's hammer, he talks about his Soul Eater project. Apparently Surtr has Soul Eaters in his personal use, brought to them by his own personal request. And Andvari is terrified at what Surtr may be using them for.

-Early in the game, Atreus yells at Kratos asking why a fire troll would burn mother's garden. We haven't seen many fire trolls in the game but APPARENTLY Faye and the trolls knew each other. Barlog mentioned that they wanted the trolls to have their own fleshed out lore but time and space constraints didn't allow it. Odin and Tyr had made an arrangement between each other and apparently the trolls got lost in the mix (this is by Barlog's admission). It ended with almost the pure genocide of the troll tribes. Which explains why their first instinct is to attack. Because fuck everyone.

-Athena is a figment of Kratos's imagination. I'd call it PTSD but that's a rather loaded term. Mimir says ""well I'm pretty sure you weren't talking to me back there. Anything you'd like to get off your chest, brother?"" Which I think is the team's way if saying ""we're gonna deal with his past as much as we need to"". I take it to mean Athena isn't going to play an equivalent role in Norse myths as she did in Greek myths. 

-A few of the giants in Jotunheim have their heads bashed in. There's dried blood on the mountains they're leaning against.

-I highly doubt Freya will be a villain in the next game. I can't imagine Odin will give her back her wings. If anything that could backfire on him when she figures out that Odin is the mind behind all of the mess she's been through. 

-When you go to the Jotunheim realm tower in the realm between realms, there's no archaic runes etched on the braziers. Once the tower reappears, there's runes. No idea why the switch occurs though.

-When you max out the axe, you get an achievement that says ""Worthy"". We know the team leaves Marvel references all over the game. The Infinity Gauntlet is somewhat in the game (the game's take on it at least). So is this the biggest hint that we'll be able to pick up Mjolnir in the next game?",280,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4hfwj,chest bug (minor spoiler to some people but not really),"I've read a bunch of forums on this, including here on reddit, and I've done a lot of googling, but I haven't found a conclusive answer to this.

My runs consist of two loops. One to defeat enemies, unlock nornir chests, and open wooden chests and coffins, and one to open legendary and nornir chests. My second run always has exactly one legendary chest already open. By this I mean I didn't open it on my first run. It was closed the last time I saw it after defeating the surrounding enemies and continuing the loop, but when I come back to it on the second loop, it's already open. Every time, without fail, there's always an open chest on my second loop, always in the ""first base"" section of the map.

What causes this? I've tried refreshing the area, saving and quitting, closing and restarting the application. So what gives? Anyone know anything about this? I know it's just one chest, but it's bugging me.

Edit: forgot to mention this is in niflheim, but that should be obvious",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4mdgc,God of War (2018) official script,"VERY IMPORTANT MESSAGE TO ALL THE PEOLPE THAT DESIRE HELP FOR THIS CAUSE, GO AND LIKE MY TWEET. THIS IS THE LINK. https://twitter.com/ClaudioPiazza17/status/1142045942868271108",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c48nhv,Possible but with tree roots in the backyard of Kratos home?,"Hey guys, so I hope this isn't considered a spoiler, but when the time comes and you receive the chaos blades and the ability to freely travel the world map with the gates you can travel back to your home. In the backyard there is a ladder covered with black tree roots which you can normally burn with the chaos blades. But for me this just doesn't work, I can't lock on them and normal attacks doesn't work either. Is this a bug? Or do I have to reach a special point in the game? Because I already completed the main story and it still doesn't work?

*Small edit,  I meant bug in the title , sorry :(",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4bis5,Platinum woes :(,"Hi all very close to finishing the game killed all valkyries and odins raven closed all realm tears got all artifacts 100% pretty much everything finished muspelheim and nifelheim basicly trying to platinum the game but a bug has happen maxed out blades of chaos today but the labor is saying im missing a chaos flame... tried reloading old save from before with lvl 4 blades but it says i had 2/4 chaos flames. Sad a game as polished as this has a bug that can just ruin a 200 hour playthrough anyway just a rant and thanks for your time hope your day has been better

Here is pictures of the sadness https://m.imgur.com/a/8pwEfnB",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c4b45k,Question About Armor Levels,"Apologies if this has been asked before, but google turned up nothing, so here goes!

I am in the endgame now, completed muspelheim part one and working my way through niflheim, and when I looked at the armors I can craft from each place, I realized the muspel armor was level 4, with much worse stats than the level 7 niflheim armor. 

I assume this is because I actually visited muspelheim much earlier in the game, so the armor i scaled to how powerful I was. It's still legendary armor that is very expensive to get and has cool effects, but the stats are basically useless compared to the armor I have available now. 

Is there any way to fix this? I haven't tried upgrading it, but it seems to me upgrading always only increases the stats of armor by twos or fours.

Do I need to NG+? I don't really want to start over  just to get properly leveled gear.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4a6mu,God of war platinum,"I received my anniversary platinum avatars, but I haven’t recieved the original kratos and Atreus avatar, will I get this",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c4a3ng,Maxed of blades of chaos bug?,"Hi got all the frozen flames and chaos flames got the achievements  but still have a labour saying I need  3/4 yet the 4/4 has a check mark ....
Im going for 100% and platinum so really hopeing this wont mess me up any one know any solutions?

Edit here is a pic of the labor and proof my blades are maxed https://m.imgur.com/a/8pwEfnB",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c48sbp,The Odin Chamber near kratos home,"I have always wondered what the purpose of this room was? I expected a valkyrie, yet it was empty. Do you think it is connected with faye or even with Freya?",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c3r97j,Where is the Uldra Brothers Brand?,Brock says you can see their brand in your axe pomel. I can’t find it with the camera mode. Is there a way of seeing it or they just didn’t add it?,116,public,
GodofWar,t3_c48385,"GOW 1, 3 AND 4","This is gonna be a merged post, as it's quite uh.. irritating?? to write two posts.

1. In GOW 1, Kratboi opened the Pandora's box without Pandora, but in 3, he needed Pandora to open it??? Why is it like that?

2. Kratboi reached to Ares at end of GOW 1 and just like, threw the Zeus fury to the Pandora's box's chains to drop  it. But He was standing so high up a mountain, and he needed time to get there. Why the hell Ares just stood there like a fuckboi and watched it all happen as Kratos opened the box? Why? Didn't he feel anything when the box fell down?

3. When Sindri gave Atreus some mistletoe arrows, he said 'Straighter than Heimdall'. What does it mean? Was Heimdall gay???",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3oq04,next game... I really want to see spartan warrior souls vs valhalla einherjar fight,"english is not my mother tongue

So understand my word is strange.

If still kratos can use summon spartan brother's soul like god of war 3.

kratos call himself true brothers.

Once again. they help a Their true brother and true god.

together Attack Valhalla and odin army's",64,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3zwub,Questions after finishing NG+ GMGOW,"I finished the game on GMGOW, and got the different shields. Are there anymore shields I can get? Maybe by defeating Sigrun? Are there any other rewards only found in GMGOW (such as the Spartan Training Garb)?",2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c3h1tn,Playing God of War for the first time. This game is actually really funny.,"I love that the game can laugh at itself and some of the remarks towards Kratos are hilarious. The guys that upgrade your gear literally make me laugh out loud.  I didn’t expect much humor going in, but there are quite a few funny moments.",550,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3swob,What realms can you travel to before completing the main story?,"I'm at a point in the game where I've just collected the light from Alfheim and I am now in the Lake of Nine. I'm supposed to head back up the mountain to get rid of the Black Breath but I kind of want to take my time. I understand that to get to Muspelheim I need to progress with the storyline and I will unlock other realms as I progress as well.
However, I was wondering if there are any other realms that I can unlock before continuing the main mission as I am cautious of losing the opportunity to free roam as much as I can uninterrupted because I feel like the story will pick up the pace after this mission (or very soon).
What realms can I unlock before continuing the main story from this point? (No spoilers or at least keep them to a minimum.)",8,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c3zlvl,[HELP] Muspelheim Trials I: GMGOW enemy resurrection,"Can someone tell me how to pissibly beat the 1st trial of Muspelheim where enemies resurrect each other?

Every time I kill one, two get revived.
I can't do it.
Any tips for this challenge.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3zgk3,How to get level 7?,Right now I am level 6 struggling with Musephiem trials. What do I need to do to get stronger?,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3wbqj,Niflheim help?,I've beat the game and have beaten all the Valkyries except the queen and I'm trying to platinum. I'm not a huge fan of Niflheim but I absolutely cannot find any Anchor of Fog things... Any tips at all? I think I'm navigating to the correct areas but all the dumb wizard guys that I keep coming across really slow me down.,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3tmcv,Do favours ever disappear,Do they?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3so3o,Hulk Jumps &amp; Get That Monkey Off my Back,"I think some new mechanics are definitely going to be needed for the next game.  First, if Atreus is going to be a tween or teenager in the next game, jumping up on his father's back everytime they have to rockclimb is going to seem a bit creepy.

Second, the chain mechanic needs to go.  There are at least three occasions in this game where Kratos falls from extreme hight w/o injuring himself.  So why  does he need to climb down a chain?  Second, he's supposed to be immensly strong.  He can use his legs to help rotate a bridge but he can't Hulk jump?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3nkae,What's so bad about Ascension compared to the other games?,"I only played GoW 2 and Ascension(not counting GoW 4) but I know the gameplay and story of the others and Ascension wasn't that bad imo. I know it had a different director but what is so bad about game itself?

The gameplay and combat were pretty good I think. The worst part was it's story, but given the conditions with the other games they couldn't add any god killing or stuff and with the given materials I think it was good. It even showed a more human Kratos, before when he completely lost himself to revenge.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3u3yy,Star wars the force unleashed similar to gow,Does anyone else think star wars the force unleashed is similar to god of war gameplay wise??,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3l7mt,Hopeful glitch in niflheim, If you're running out of time all you have to do is switch to a new set of armor and your time will reset back to full this helped me alot when I was fighting the valkyrie.,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3ucdv,Anybody feel like Mimir was really inconsistently written?,"I don't mean in what he says necessarily, but instead when he speaks.  There was this awkwardness, where Mimir wouldn't shut up at times, but then in certain scenes it's like he isn't even there.  It's as if the writers forgot that he was in the scene, since he's really hardly physically present, so they forgot to include him in the dialogue.  Like it would have been nice if he spoke a bit more during Atreus's outbursts, or whenever they encountered Modi or Baldur, or when Kratos revealed his godhood.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3okmb,We need you ! Help to reclaim the script !,Link incoming,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3izl1,I think Zeus in Helheim was much more than a vision,"In gow4 when you go to get the gatekeepers heart an kratos sees Zeus, when kratos ask Mimir about it Mimir says “never go there understand” Mimir says after that “hel has a habit with tourturing it’s inhabitants with their own past” 

I believe that this is much more than just a vision because whenever we see these visions the color of it is like a cloudy green and it’s of something that has happened in the past and all that “vision” was was Zeus just saying “kratos” and it was a dark cloudy color unlike the cloudy green we have seen from other visions.Another reason I think this is is because when kratos sees the vision of gow3 kratos killing Zeus it’s in that cloudy green color and it depicts an actual scene that we have seen",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c35anr,Can someone PLEASE ‘Thorybord’ to Cory Barlog?,"I saw this posted on here before and it’s straight up amazing. This is the Thor we want in GOW5, he even has the chunks in his head from killing the giant! Just hope the creators see the impact this game has  had on the fans and consider input. Credit to the guy who made this, I’m sorry I forgot your reddit username! 

EDIT: Can someone PLEASE SHOW ‘Thorybord’ to Cory Barlog 



 [Thoryboard](https://youtu.be/-veBI_xVq24)",357,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3dkx7,Potentially dumb question,"So I’m about to finish the game again after having played new game + when that first came out, and this question just popped into my head after basically having played this game 3 times - 

Do we know how Baldur gets out of Hel? 

Or are we just supposed to assume the Aesir can just do and go whatever and wherever they want all the time? Kratos is clearly way more powerful and had a hard enough time getting out.",21,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3n279,Difficulty question,"I just started me game plus on give me a story mode, how do I change the difficulty",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3mxro,Getting the shield skins,I did the game on balanced but i really want that shield if i change the diffeculty to give me God of war before i fight with baldr do i get the shield or not or do you need to play the whole game on give me God of war?,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3gsks,(SPOILERS AND DISCUSSION) About Atreus' Other Name In The End Game,"Towards the end, Kratos tell the BOY he was supposed to be called Loki by his mom but later got his name decided as Atreus. IRL, Loki is a trickster god and father of the wolf Fenrir and the world serpent Jormungandr (the big snake living in the lake in-game). When the sequel releases, will he betray Kratos or stick with him? Time travel was also mentioned while talking with the head Mimir. Will Atreus travel back in time, create the wolf and serpent, and return to present day? Will we travel through time to any time period we want and steal from those periods? Lets talk in the comments.",5,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c3t7gp,The team that built MUSPELHEIM did a really bad job.,"Don’t get me wrong, I love this game. Just hate this level. I’m watching as pixels glitch out as well as abilities and monsters. 

Even Atreus stand in place running back and forth on this last challenge. 

Its a rough draft of a rough draft and after defeating the Valkyrie the whole key challenge glitches out at the final stage. 

I can’t even believe they allowed this to be part of the masterpiece that the rest of the game is.

Edit1:
I killed 28 opponents in under 30 seconds and the game flipped out. 

Left the realm to hopefully refresh and came back, this time my rune abilities became unlimited. 

Left again, this time rune abilities just glitched out. 

No matter what I do, if I hit 30 kills the game glitches out.",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c35ql9,The Legend of The Ghost of Sparta is known to all...,"In Tyrs vault we see the Greek urn with Kratos on it with wrecked bodies and a collapsing Greek structure. This I’m assuming is his legend of being a spartan turned champion slave to the Greek Gods, turned pantheon destroyer. Anyone who visited that temple knew of him. When Mimir put two and two together he blurted out that he’s “dangling from the hip of the bloody Ghost of Sparta”. This begs the question, if Mimir, a Scottish god, knows of Kratos, and anyone who’s viewed the urn in the temple ( in Midgard) knows of him, How will the Aesir and other gods in other lands react to him? Will they try to ban together (maybe after he wipes out the Norse pantheon) and  attack him? How will Odin react?  This whole game was mistaken identity with Baldur and Thor’s sons thinking he was a giant. Freya knew he was a god and of Sparta. I wonder if she figured it out. But anyway.

Long story short: How do you guys think the Aesir and other pantheons  react knowing the Ghost of Sparta is killing gods in another pantheon now?",116,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3kbb4,Question about asgardian steel,Will I have enough asgardian and perfect asgardian steel to fully upgrade the valkry set and the sindri set,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3jvjp,What's supposed to sit under the two realm ciphers?,"In Sindri and Brok's Workshop where the two ciphers sit for Musphelhiem and Niflheim, what is supposed to be under it? I am still working on 100% and was wondering what was missing from there. Is it one of the artifacts or a third cipher?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3izq3,Sigrun tips please?,"Keep getting her to half a bar health and it’s infuriating me. Never been so mad at a game.

I’m on give me a challenge I’m aware I suck but holy fuck i’m too stubborn to ramp down the difficulty.

Can someone give me actual tips that may help me other than learn her moves etc. Enchantments, runics build etc. Right now I’m valkerie build. any tips i’ve found online i’ve tried and still she gets to like a mm health and then slaughters me. I need something game changing here guys.",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c3ip6b,Help identifying the Nordic texts that atraeus has to read.,"Does anyone know the name of the style of text that Kratos has at Reyes read whenever they do things surrounding the sand bowls and stuff?

I ask because I recently did one of those DNA genealogy type things to find out genetically where the majority of my ancestry comes from. And I recently found that about 73% of my genetic makeup seems to come from Scandinavia. And since Scandinavia is an area where Nordic mythology and the like are pretty heavily from I've been thinking about getting a tattoo written in the Nordic script that is from God of War. However I don't know what this script is called. If anybody knows please tell me. Thank you very much for any information that you can provide.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3k0p1,"Beat The Game, Safe to Delete?",Just finished the game (PS4) and was wondering is it safe to delete the game and save? Will I lose my trophies at all/not get the platinum avatars if I do so?,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3h929,Ivaldis Mist Armor Question,"Is it possible to obtain and fully upgrade all 3, or at least 2 of the mist sets?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3cbe0,God of War - Playstation 4 is -38% off," 

* A New Beginning — His vengeance against the gods of Olympus far behind him, Kratos now lives as a man in the lands of Norse Gods and monsters. It is in this harsh, unforgiving world that he must fight to survive… and teach his son to do the same
* Second Chances — As mentor and protector to a son determined to earn his respect, Kratos is faced with an unexpected opportunity to master the rage that has long defined him. Questioning the dark lineage he’s passed on to his son, he hopes to make amends for the shortcomings of his past;Number of Players: 1 player; ESRB Content: Blood and gore|Intense violence|Strong language; Genre: Action / Adventure
* Midgard and Beyond — Set within the untamed forests, mountains, and realms of Norse lore, God of War features a distinctly new setting with its own pantheon of creatures, monsters, and gods
* Vicious, Physical Combat — With an intimate, over-the-shoulder free camera that brings the action closer than ever, combat in God of War is up close, frenetic, and unflinching. Kratos’ axe —powerful, magic and multi-faceted – is a brutal weapon as well as a versatile tool for exploration

[https://facebook.com/story.php?story\_fbid=1308689759286946&amp;id=1126545060834751](https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1308689759286946&amp;id=1126545060834751)",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c3gupj,Kratos's age,How old is Kratos ??,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3csl8,Release date predictions,When do you guys think the sequel will release? My guess is somewhere between 2023-2025.,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3atnq,Difficulty Change,"Is it possible to change the difficulty of the game after I started it? I’m on “Give me a Challenge.” I’ve completed the game and most of the Valkyries, but one of the Muspelheim challenges has been dreadful and nearly impossible for me to complete. Is it possible to move down a difficulty?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3hq6z,Just started GoW4... Isn’t the difficulty a little bit off?,"Title. I just started GoW4 and selected the “Give me a challenge” difficulty setting. Honestly... It’s a bit too much for me. I don’t really have the time nor the nerve to master this game’s combat system. I did it for KH2 last year and it consumed my will to play. I don’t have much time to dedicate to the game sadly, so I went down a bit... The balanced option is the opposite, however. It is TOO easy. I never break a sweat. I cut enemies like butter.
Am I the only one who perceive this problem?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2uyet,God of War (2018) script,"Could our beloved Cory release the script ? I want to read How the script described the camera work, the setting, extc.
Can we have it?",247,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3cvv5,What do I do?,I finished God of War on Balance but I really want the two Shields skin on GMGOW but I don’t want to lose all my gear and stuff again,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c36we3,Favorite and least favorite enemy types?,"Favorite for me are the Travelers. Least favorite.. probably Dark Elves? No matter how powerful they are, they can be some of the most annoying fuckers.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c3jnl3,Does it get better?,"I just beat the first mini boss guy, a troll I threw axes at while Atreiu shot arrows. That wasn't just how I describe the boss. That's the beginning and end of the strategy. Throw axes, shoot arrows, repeat for 5 minutes. 


I was expecting something more skyrim-ish. This isn't open world or rpg-ish at all so far. There's literally zero choices as to what to do next and no unique way to build my guy.

Did I read something inaccurate that suggested this would be an open world.rpg? I remember reading that. And that's silly.

I'm sorry, but a side alley with a chest is hardly a ""reward for exploring"" let alone an open world or rpg element. Going down literally the only path other than straight ahead is NOT exploring. That's just called turning left.


So, my question is: does it get better? Is there any actual open world aspect like mass effect or dragon age inquisition, or is it all ""go straight for main quest"", left is a chest, right is more goblins""? 


I would like to know if there are any rpg or open world elements to this game at all. Thanks in advance.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c39w7x,I’m stuck in God of War on PS4,Sorry this is going to be voice to text but right after you cut the head off of the tree dude I went through a mystic gate and I am now back in the heart of the mountain in the area where you take that elevator all the way up and you are you free that elevator thing and you pick it up with the hook or claw but I can’t get my way back to the main storyline or the mystic gateway,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c38ofz,How did baldur lose his powers?,I was confused at the end of the game because I know that the mistletoe arrows made Baldur vulnerable but I thought that Freya took them from Atreus?,1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c2xdkg,"Forgive me for such a dumb question, but what power level are the Valkyries?",Been looking everywhere and can’t find an answer,30,public,
GodofWar,t3_c38ijn,[spoilers] some questions I have about the lore,"We know that Aesir gods are evil and that Odom is their leader. We also that Freya was the leader of Vanir gods. We know that both the group's were similar in strength. So, considering what happened to Freya, what do you think the Vanir's response was? Also do you think we will see more of them in the next game? Which realm do they occupy? I think it would make sense for Freya to go to Vanir to ask for help in fulfilling her promise.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c31lci,Can Freya see the future?,Is there any chance that Freya knew what was coming after meeting Kratos since she is a witch and in the Norse myth witches can see the future??If true has she seen the events of ragnarok?,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2z9e0,Perfect Asgardian Steel missing?,"I’ve defeated all the valkyries except Sigrun. I’ve upgraded my axe and blade Valkyrie pommels to the max. My Valkyrie chest and waist armors are at base level and my valkyrie gauntlet is at intermediate level. And I don’t have any remaining perfect asgardian steel to upgrade the chest and waist ones.

Did they accidentally make this unavailable, or can I find it somewhere else?",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2v6ek,"Did anyone ever finish exploring ""Alternate eos"" from the GoW3 Demo?","(for reference this is what I'm talking about: https://youtu.be/MCTN3qScljA)

That's the only videos I've really seen of it, has anyone done a full exploration of this area? as it's extremely different to the final?

Stumbled on this a few weeks ago and noticed there is 0 information on it online apart from the videos. Do we know what's at the end of it? what it leads to etc?

Thanks :)",22,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2zt5s,How far am I in the game? (Spoiler alert),"I just got to Helheim after picking up the blades and I was wondering how far I am, storywise. I wanted to really take my time with this game but I got really got sucked into the storyline after climbing that mountain because goddamn that was a lot of work. I have this tendency to rush through the storyline and forget sidemissions as the story progresses and becomes more interesting. Am I quite far in the game or is there still a lot to do and discover?

Should I just ignore the main questline for a bit and do the sidemissions after Atreus gets fixed up or is there enough plenty main quest material for me not to worry about it?


Also calling it rn, that mistletoe arrow tip is gonna be bad news for Balldoor.",4,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c2jk4g,Does Kratos resent his Spartan heritage or does he cherish it,What do you guys think?,337,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2qhf3,I wish Kristofer Hivju to voice Mr.T,"Who should voice Thor? 

My answer

Kristofer Hivju who plays Tormund Giantsbane in Game of Thrones",8,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c2nrud,So are North Gods stupid or what ?!,"I mean they clearly know who is Kratos (The bloody ghost of Sparta) who killed an entire race of gods


 and they are picking a fight with this bad motherfucker in the next chapter of this story?!",16,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2s141,About how much did Kratos and Atreus actually see each other before the games start.,They seem like complete strangers at the beginning.,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2bftm,Favorite line:,Imagine breathing it from your throat stump.,353,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2otc5,Loading Issues,"So me and my brother are both doing a second playthrough for God of War. I saved my game and when he wanted to load his game, it wasn't there. I made sure to save my playthrough on my ""account."" I didn't overide his. It's not loading. What do I do?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2o0wj,Would love to give it another go,"Finished God of War when it came out last year. Was first in line at the store. Loved it though want to try finish it on the highest difficulty + 100% completion. Sure it's worth it. Anyone have any advice, would be appreciated.",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2skce,Installing issues,"Hi guys. 

I recently purchased God of War (2018) for my PS4 but I’ve been having issues with downloading the game. The installation fails and then an X will appear on the download bar when I’m on my home screen. 

I found another Reddit user who said the same issue but nothing was resolved. So I was wondering if anyone has any helpful tips.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2om5j,Should I try GMGOW difficulty on NG+?,"Hello, I have recently beaten the game on GMAC difficulty and I wonder if I should try out GMGOW difficulty.

Is it a fun, balanced challenge? Or rather boring, tanky enemies? Would like to hear the thought from someone who played it on GMGOW.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2mlhy,Is it possible to unlock ALL upgrades?,Is it?,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2knx1,Odins raven bug?,Hi have got 51 of odin's ravens and got the achievement allfather blinded kill all of odins ravens but my midgard summery is saying i have 42/43 is this a bug or is there a secret one ?,5,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c2h45w,What's in store for the next God of War.,"As great as God of War was, im more excited for the second part.  &gt;!THOR, LOKI (hidden power), Odin, the birth of the serpent. true valkyrie queen !&lt;  i don't know much about the mythology, so i hope i'm in for a story.  what are yall hoping to see in the next one?",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2fvy1,What is the best armour?,I was thinking of killing all valkiryies and using the zeus armour set but was wondering if there is a better set I could get.,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2ma5r,7th raven river pass location,Hey have 42/43 ravens and it seems there are 2 extra ravens one at ruins of the ancient which I got and another in the river pass but I cant seem to find it dosent seem to be any vidoes showing its location either. Where excatly is this 7th raven its driving me crazy,0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c2dl4q,Favorite dialogue?,"“Faye, what do I do? Our son is not ready to carry your ashes to the top of the mountain.. and neither am I. I do not know how to do this without you”",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2fn5p,Has the theory about mimir actually being robin goodfellow been posted here before?,Robin was a character from one of Shakespeare’s plays set in welsh mythology. There’s a few lines of dialogue during a boat-conversation that imply this. Plus the play has Theseus in it who was a boss in gow2.,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2e8l0,Can missed collectables be collected after beating the game?,"Just wanted to know, when i finish the story will i be able to go back and collect things that i missed. Can i also complete optional combat challenges too?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1yysf,Theory about Atreus. Spoilers!!,"I think that Atreus and Loki may be split personalities. Like Atreus is the serious ""yes sir"" one, while Loki is the cocky and wild one. In my second play through when your back in Helheim I found it quite odd of how Atreus seems genuinely confused at his actions he says ""that wasnt me"" at first it seems like he is just regretful which he very well could just be.
If my theory is correct it could mean that it was indeed not Atreus, but the Loki personality in control.",433,public,
GodofWar,t3_c28dr3,An interesting theory,"Has anyone considered that the whole “offspring murdering their father” prophecy may not be fulfilled by Atreus, but by another potential offspring of Kratos? I mean how many times has he had the opportunity to father other children? It could also be why in the mural Atreus was holding him? Just a thought.",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1zr6s,Not having internet at my new house made me fully appreciate how amazing God of War is.,"I've always been a fan of the series. Played the 3 main games, one of the PSP games (where the main antagonist is Persephone), subscribed to PS Now just to play Ascension, and got the new one the day it came out. However, on my first playthrough,  I didn't get all the extras, such as Odin's ravens,  didn't beat the Valkyrie Queen, etc. I mainly played the main story due to my friends hounding me to get back to playing Blackout with them. Now that I don't have internet at my new house, I sat down and played God of War again. And this time around, I'm 5 ravens away from platinum. I finally beat the Valkyrie queen, and I overall enjoyed gaming so much more now that I'm offline. I was thinking about getting internet hooked up, but nah, online kinda ruins the fun in gaming for me. I enjoy single player story games so much more. Once I beat the game again, I'm super psyched to play it in NG+ from what I read about it. Next, I'll play Horizon Zero Dawn again and then do the Frozen Wilds DLC that I bought and downloaded before I moved. Then, its NG+ for that game as well. 

TL;DR:  not having internet access made me appreciate how amazing GOW is and allowed me to almost get platinum.",75,public,
GodofWar,t3_c29iad,Vindr,"A door breathes open as the boy watch the flames leap and dwindle in the pit. He is fixated on how the wind can scare the fire so easily. ""Why is the fire so afraid of the wind, mother?"" he asks, poking at the pit. The woman closes the door and hangs her axe near to where the boy sits. ""The fire doesn't fear the wind,"" she smiles as she comes to sit beside him. ""Have I told you the story of the brave little boy who once bested a beast?"" she asks pinching at the boy's cheek. The boy's gaze returns to the fire that now flickers desperately among the coals. ""The young boy found himself lost in the woods. It was cold and he cried out for his mother,"" she begins. The boy looks at the woman. ""The boy wanted to be brave. He didn't mean to get lost,"" he mumbles. ""Ah!"" she exclaims. ""But the boy WAS brave. He made his way to a cave all by himself and survived,"" she continues as she runs her fingers through his hair. ""But it wasn't just a cave,"" he murmurs. ""Correct!"" the woman affirms. ""The brave little boy saw the eyes of a wolfen beast glisten against the light from his torch. And as it lunged, the boy remembered a little trick his dear old mother taught him. Do you remember what it was, Atreus?"" she asks, resting his head on her lap. The boy slowly raises his hand. ""Vindr,"" he speaks as the fire lights up the cabin.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2avvm,Surtr's Hidden Trials,"On my NG+ run now of GoW. I noticed that the hidden trials in muspelheim seem to have been tweaked a bit...especially the first trial where it's a time attack. I'm given 4 minutes to kill 50 enemies and everything I'm reading online says that I should have 8 minutes.

&amp;#x200B;

Obviously there's been a patch, even given the fact that you get invulnerability it seems very very difficult.

&amp;#x200B;

1. Can someone provide me a list of God of War's patch notes so I can see what else has changed?
2. What tips are there to get through this trial with gold?
   1. I have just cut off mimir's head and decided to do all of muspelheim before continuing the story.

&amp;#x200B;

It's not that I cannot get past the trial, I just cannot get gold and have tried. I do not seem to be able to find any information on tactics to get gold after the reduced time was implemented.

&amp;#x200B;

\*\*\*EDIT EDIT\*\*\*

&amp;#x200B;

Current Build (**going to reiterate Mimir isn't revived yet, I know at this point it's probably not feasible for gold**)

&amp;#x200B;

Surtr's Grip of Flame+ (max)

Grips of Forgotten Flame+ (max)

Smoldering Brimstone Set+ (max)

Sinmara's Cinder+ (max)

&amp;#x200B;

STR: 435

RUN: 140

DEF: 242

VIT: 170

LCK: 89

CDN: 54",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2bq41,Did Kratos break fate or fulfill it?,"Many people often say Kratos broke fate in God of War 2, but it was his destiny to destroy Zeus in the first place. It seems everyone else was trying to break fate. Even the fates say fate can't be broken as THEY are trying to stop Kratos from fulfilling his.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2dpya,Baldur DLC,"I never write on reddit so sorry if this ain’t Reddit format but hear me out

at the end of god of war in the final battle vs baldur, baldur’s true nature of pain &amp; trauma turned into anger is extremely similar to the climax of Kratos anti-hero tale, in which they both damn the gods (which happen to be their parents) for the life they have forced upon them, making kratos decision to kill baldur in his attempt to destroy his parent followed by “the cycle ends here” as a send of to the past kratos and the anti-hero archetype.


SOOOOO, the only way to make this full circle... would be to play as baldur and (ง •̀_•́)ง Kratos :D seriously though a fleshed our combat system with baldur vs kratos fights with a few scenes in between that don’t spoil anything in the next game would be more than enough for me to pay for a $25 DLC. Thoughts??? Just finished my 7th playthrough (including ones I’ve witnessed) and as I saw kratos killing baldur i thought about how cool that would be.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1t99k,what is your greatest game of all time and how far below /what number would you put god of war at?,where does god of war stand in your all time greatest list?,239,public,
GodofWar,t3_c22ss8,More theories about Atreus: he's a time traveler,"I'll **try** to be brief. Mimir said that Ragnarok ""already happened in the future"", and Jormungandr came back to the past as a result of his fight with Thor, and coming from the future explains why he recognized Atreus. If we follow Norse mythology, we should know that the World Serpent is Loki's son, and maybe that's why Jormungandr felt that Atreus looked so familiar. So, if Loki is Jormungandr's father in the game (cuz that could be modified as GoW games tend to change some things to make a better story), that would mean, of course, that for Ragnarok to happen Atreus should be able to reproduce, then have children, so Thor can finally fight Jormungandr. 

Another interesting fact is that, after Norse mythology, Hela is Loki's daughter too, and she already reigns Helheim in GoW 4. So, we have two possibilities: GoW games will modify some facts about Loki's children so that Hela, Jormungandr (and maybe Fenrir later)  appearances make sense, OR JORMUNGANDR IS NOT THE ONLY TIME TRAVELER AFTER RAGNAROK, LOKI ALSO CAME BACK TO THE PAST, to get his revenge, and that's why all the Norse gods hate Loki so much, he's portrayed as the God of Mischief because he's always causing trouble to the gods, as he hates them. The reason of why Atreus and Kratos don't know about Loki (who is actually ""Future Atreus"" that came back to the past) is because he's always changing his form, transforming into something else, and some gods even don't know what Loki's real form is. Jormungandr does, cuz Loki is his father. 

What do you think?

^(Sorry for bad English guys)",8,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c25z05,Prediction on how kratos loses his powers,Kratos loses his powers at the start of every game how do you think he will lose them in the next game,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c21xbd,Strange Blue Box?,"Any ideas what this could be? 

&amp;#x200B;

 [https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/503106383831367680/590524938314711080/blue\_box.png](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/503106383831367680/590524938314711080/blue_box.png) 

&amp;#x200B;

I played this game for the first time and found this strange blue box - its getting darker and brighter if you watch it longer for a while

&amp;#x200B;

Any runner who knows an oob glitch to check it out? :D 

tyvm",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1tdes,"Just watched the ‘Raising Kratos’ documentary and it was superb, looking for other making of game documentaries in a similar vein?","I watched the making of documentary for Doom as well and it was comparable to this one, loved the emphasis on the emotional aspects of the making of these games since certain titles require such grueling efforts and its cool to see it on screen.",136,public,
GodofWar,t3_c24axs,Just finished the main story.,Just finished the story. Should I go back and collect all the collectibles and stuff before going into newgame+? I’m very confused right now haha,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c24x0k,How to use all of the equipment in gow 3,"This is my first time playing gow3 and just finished it just wondered how to use all the weapons 
Do i need a costume ?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c24u5b,Small theory on future Artreus.,"Doing my second replay of the game.

When Kratos finally tells Artreus that he's a God, the first this Artreus says is, ""Can I turn into an animal?"" Then later ""Are you sure I can't turn into a wolf?""

I think in future games that'll be one of his Godly Abilities. Especially considering his affinity to understand animals and what not. 

Would be awesome and would fit",4,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c23ofs,Artreus Tattoo,I‘m less than a week away from getting my God of War Tattoo (the runic stuff down Artreus‘ arm) and im freaking psyched. Though it will probably hurt like a motherf*cker.,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1zwpj,Question - never played b4,"I'm gonna begin to play this masterpiece but i have a question.

Is it possible to unlock everything, like all upgrades and armour and wot not in one play through?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c244rm,Controller options,"Did anyone like the new controller method for this game? I tried and couldn't get past the first boss with the control scheme. Once I switched to classic everything went much more smoothly, and I was able to focus on my attacks. I am so used to using the x, triangle, square and circle to control my attacks. Did anyone find the new layout better for their playthrough?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1zd3s,[Discussion] What is the max possible level I can reach before starting new game +?,"Basically the title of the discussion. I'm at level 7 right now with Valkyrie gauntlets and waist, but sindris armor for chest to get the runic temporary invincibility skill (which seems to only work sometimes), and the talisman of vitality to restore bits of my health. What equipment, talismans, and rune skills do I need to get to level 8 or 9?  

Also, I keep dying against Sigrun and at most can get her to half health. Can't, or honestly don't really know what to do while waiting for my skills to recharge (cooldown stat is pretty high but none of my armor is fully upgraded yet) and I struggle to dodge and figure out what moves to block. My strategy for all the other Valkyries was just spamming skills and taking advantage of full rage after reviving from death, but that isn't working for this fight due to her durability. Afraid to level up though because I heard she gets scaled up based on your level.

I'm currently on normal difficulty and the last guide I read recommended switching to give me a story difficulty....but not sure if I want to do that yet, or if it will make a difference.

Any advice on builds and skills for this fight?

Also, heard you can get killed in three hits in new game + even with fully upgraded armor from first playthrough. Is that for all difficulties?

Best armor in new game +? ( I'm not the best at avoiding and dodging. I'm more attack focused. Want to know what armor and play style I should focus on once I do new game +)

Is there any way to actually view how many horns and apples I've collected? Still haven't maxed out rage but don't know how many I have 😅

Any ""best skill"" I'm this game? Are the rune attacks Sindri sells worth it? 100 smolden embers is alot 😅

Anything I absolutely need from my first playthrough before new game +, such as armors or talismans?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c22g2q,Will Atreus betray Kratos??,I wanna know everyone's thoughts.,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1gz6g,(Warning Spoilers) I have figured out why Kratos can’t read anything in the New Game,Cause it’s all greek to him.,895,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c1ybj6,What is your top 5 favorite moments in this game.,To me the whole game is pretty much a favorite.,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1xfnn,I think GOW5 might be like Logan...,"In the movie Logan, Wolverine is old and past his prime. Kratos is old but not past his prime, it’s been stated by Cory Barlog that he’s just as strong. Both Logan and Kratos have mellowed out to an extent in their old age and are even protecting young children. Following along? Good. So now that we established that, let’s get into it. In the movie, X-24 is a young clone of Logan. Way more aggressive and constant rage. His own worst enemy is himself and in both instances X-24 destroys him. Only to be saved by Laura (X-23) with an adamantium bullet. As I  said in a post a few weeks ago that blew up on here, Thor is a mirror of Kratos. He is who Kratos would’ve been had he stayed loyal to the Olympians and was still full rage mode. Thor I think will very much over power Kratos due to his constant rage and try to even kidnap Atreus for revenge against him for killing his sons. X-24 also tried to kidnap Laura during the movie. I think we will fight Thor and in both instances or at least when we kill him, Atreus will be the one to save Kratos somehow or at least even the odds. He broke Baldurs curse in GOW4 and maybe he’ll remove Thor’s belt that doubles his strength in 5 (if we’re going by mythology and assume he has his belt in it). Thor is totally gonna be X-24/ Young Kratos. Rage all the time and a mirror of who Kratos used to be.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1roee,Gaps in my knowledge about the God of War story and I'm very curious.,"The only God of war I've played is the 4th one. Now I'm hooked on the lore. I just have some questions about the story that I would love to hear the answer to:

1: Why does kratos hate the gods?
2: Who gave Kratos the Blades of Chaos?
3: Why is Kratos's personality so serious and straightforward?
4: Atreus reads books and he's knowledgeable about the gods. Hoe could he not tell his father was a god all along?
5: Why did kratos wait so long to tell his son he was a god and why doesn't he wanna slap the hell out of atreus every time he says ""WERE GODS  OMG HAHA""?
6: Why does Kratos' skin look like he needs to get some sun and why does he have red stripes?
7: Has Kratos always been as serious as a heart attack or did something happen?
8: What is the ""Ghost of Sparta"" and why does he hate being called that?
9: Why is he called the Ghost of Sparta?
10: What other information in the past games are important to know to understand details in God of War 4?
Just remember I'm only half way 20% into the game so please try not to spoil anything for me thank you",16,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1pahf,Haven't played the game but...,"I haven't actually played the game.
Played Ghost of Sparta when it was out on psp but wasn't too much into it 
But when this came out a year ago and the hype was up,I checked out some videos on youtube and oh boy was it awesome.
The first fight itself got me hooked on.
Sadly I couldn't get it as I don't have a PS4.
Thought about getting one for this very game but too broke for that.

I have been lurking around this sub constantly reading every post, watching every clip,every theory.
Youtuber MKiceandfire was the real mvp here.
Watched the whole gameplay no kidding
Every single one
It was too beautiful and it was the most I could get to experience this game.
The lost pages of norse myth ? Done 
The audiobook ? Yep... wouldn't miss the world for Mimir's voice 
The game ? Nope xD

Then one day when we were chatting and this game came up ,I was going on and on when one of my friends went like ""Wait you haven't played the game right!"" 

It struck me then,oh god yes I haven't
And yet I know everything there is to know about it
And me clever self not wanting to get embarassed lied 
Lied that I played the whole thing lol
And I kept up that lie too well

Kudos to Cory Barlog for creating this game.
Maybe when the next one comes out I won't be broke and will get this first thing 'fingers crossed'

Maybe this is my little confession 
Have a nice day BOI",27,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1t25l,About that new God of War hoodie that was announced yesterday.,Nothing it's just really  overpriced. Like wtf 345$ for a simple jacket.,12,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1zoz6,Has anyone fought the 2 dark elves in jotunheim tower on NG+ Gmgow?,"These 2 mother fuckers seem impossible to kill. Nothing stuns or staggers them, including Atreus arrows and super, they dodge everything, and even after a perfect parry they fly away before I can complete my animation lmao... They seem completely fucking broken on this difficultly.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1t9vl,"I just bought GOW, but have never played any of the other games. What should I know before playing?","And if you have any tips on HUD settings, combat, or anything else - please let me know. I’m very excited for my first playthrough. I bought a few games during the days of play sale and saved GOW for last, so it didn’t ruin the other games lol",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c2140x,God of war is the best Isekai ever created,Think about it: shitty dude dies and get transported to another dimension were he become father of the year and clash with even stronger shitty people,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c206ij,I Need Your Support,"Hey guys So I started a petition on change.com about GOW, I know change.com never solved world problem but at least we can pay Sony and Santa Monica Studio attention https://www.change.org/p/god-of-war-fans-make-sony-santa-monica-studio-release-god-of-war-the-greek-mythology-saga-for-ps4-856a34bb-5944-44b2-be9e-35faf3ffc4bf",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1m55b,just wanted to say FUCK the anchor of fog...,"as most of you i'm frustrated with this one.  doing multiple types of runs, using all types of advice on this group. racked up 750,000 hacksilver, and only 2 anchors of fog.  currently i'm just running to the two boss rooms and no luck....just wanted to vent.

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: RNGesus showed me mercy. got the last anchor shortly after i made this post. im pretty much done with the game. on to uncharted 4. (Playing all PS exclusives since i just got a ps4. came from xbox.)",21,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1rm6a,My only complaint so far,Toooo much boat gameplay that you can’t throw your axe from for some reason AND i wish there was more breathing time in between areas of enemy’s.,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1v5bu,Second Hand Soul NG+,"Just completed Second Hand Soul for Brok on NG+ and the Favor Reward says a rare pommel and additional rewards for NG+, but all I received was a perfect Skap Slag, some HS. Is this what I should receive?",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c1918h,“Raising Kratos” is a must-watch documentary,"I’m sure many in this sub have seen it, but anybody who hasn’t checked out the making-of documentary, here’s the link. One of my favorite documentaries in a while. Link below 

. [Raising Kratos](https://youtu.be/lJZWKBDXXFY)",708,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1u2ot,No passage beside sidris shop,I’ve been trying to find a way to leave this part of the game. There is supposed to be a secret pathway beside sidris shop but there isn’t and I’ve completed every task I’m supposed to. Can anyone help,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1t8xg,I need help,Am I almost done with the new god of war I just got the magic chizzle to open the door to yodenhime and I was wondering if anyone could give me an estimate on how many hours I have left,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1s6k8,"""Kill 100 Enemies"" in Muspelheim (NG+ GMGOW)","1. Start round  ""Kill 100 enemies""
2. 10 minutes later ""64 enemies left""
3. Me: I guess I don't *really* want that Valkyrie armor!

Seriously, this one is boring as hell. Other trials are annoying. Like the invincible dark elf dude with the grunts. But annoying as he was, he was engaging. I had to figure out how to beat him, and when I finally did, I was like ""YEESSSSS!""

But this trial? No sense of accomplishment. It's about how well you deal with boredom.

I've beaten all the other Valkyries and was looking forward to Sigrun on NG+ GMGOW. But it's not worth the tedium of this trial, sorry :(",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1msja,Platinum trophy avatar reward,"Hey guys.. I just bagged the platinum trophy for this game. I read that the email Sony sends out with the reward code takes upto 14 days.. how long did it take for you guys to get it after getting the trophy? This is my first platinum ever

&amp;#x200B;

Btw, my account region is Canada and I have the promotional emails turned on",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1kenl,When do you guys expect the sequel to be announced.,I know it only been a little over a year but still want to hear any info people may have. Also I think Cory should remain director. I know the idea of having a fresh perspective for each game is what Cory himself was into but I personally think that he knows the franchise the best. I believed GOW2 was the best GOW before GOW 2018 he directed them both. It just seems like ultimately he knows where to go with this franchise. I could see directors change after the Norse mythology GOW.,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1fbu7,Happy fathers day Kratos,Can't forget him!,39,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1ii03,Spoilers: theory for the next game,"On Norse mythology and on what the game implies, Loki(atreus) will cause ragnarok


What if instead of ragnarok coming because he will do something, what if Thor kill Atreus and unleash the rage within Kratos again, and that is Ragnarok, a retelling poetry like of the original god of war story

Kratos will embark on a quest to kill every single one of the gods, thus ragnarok",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1h44y,Kratos killing the Gods,"So when Kratos kills all the Gods each one has a consequence ( Poseidon’s death cause tsunamis/ flooding, Apollo’s causes the sun to be blocked out, etc.) 

So at the end of GOW 3 we see that the world is plunged into chaos but in the new GOW how is the Norse world not the same as the Greek one? Shouldn’t it be in chaos too?",8,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c1ea3v,What did Kratos saw on the wall at end of the story mode?,This is where he and Atreus were in the Land of Giants and he saw a prophecy on the wall that he didn't mention to Atreus.. What could it mean?,14,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c1emkg,Any God of War III owner willing to provide some recordings for a project?,"Hey there guys, at the moment i'm working on a modding project for a game, and i've been trying to get a hold of some of Kratos' attack sounds from God of War 3 without ambient noise to use on it, however i've had no luck so far, only managing to find his voicelines.

What i need are most of the sfx's for his attack animations with regular blades of athena, such as single hits, or combos, for this i've found that the best method is just ripping them from a gameplay recording in an area without enemies or ambient noise and with the game music turned off, but i don't have access to a PS3 or PS4 at the moment to get them myself.

Would anyone here be willing to help out with some recordings? I'd take care of the whole process afterwards I'd be very grateful
Thanks in advance",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1l3nx,Greek vs norse mythology,"Hello guys don't know if this has been posted before, but I'm curious. Which of the two mythologies do you prefer when it comes to god of war?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1c51i,How many times did it take for you to defeat Sigrun on any difficulty?,I want to know how hard Sigrun was for you guys it took me about 10 tries to beat her.,9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1g3o9,Valkyries on GMGOW,It’s taken be anywhere between 20-60 tries per Valk and I’ve only beaten 3 of them so far. Did anyone else have a similar experience? I can’t tell if I’m just awful at this game or others had a similar experience.,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1iim7,How to start NG+,"So I just loaded the game back up to try out ng+, but I can't figure out how to start. The option doesn't appear on the main menu, it doesn't appear on the loaded game menu.

I definitely finished the main game. On the completed save I even went back to the house to see the Thor scene. Still no option for ng+.

This is driving me crazy and I can't figure out how to start it. Any help appreciated",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1g5dz,Is it Worth Playing GMGOW Mode?,"Need some opinions here.

I’m a major completionist to the point where missing a few collectibles seriously bothers me. I always have to go for collecting everything. I’m also not the type to replay games much because I feel like once I’ve completed it 100% there isn’t any more to see.

This being said, is it worth it to play the hardest difficulty? Are there things you get for doing so? I’ve tried the first portion of the game on this difficulty and holy shit, I don’t know if I can do it.

Any opinions on this problem would be greatly appreciated.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c102br,The next God of War game - everything we know,"\- Its production will not take as long as its predecessor. God of War 2018 refined the series in many ways. Now that a foundation has been established for a new series, it is one that Sony Santa Monica can safely rely on. Cory Barlog has said as much in an interview with Kotaku.

\- It is the next part in a new series. Cory has mentioned he has ideas for five more games, in the same interview mentioned above. Whether or not something of this longevity happens is unknown. It's possible this will end up being a trilogy, as has also been said.

\- It will be entirely set in Norse mythology, as confirmed by Sony Santa Monica's communications director Aaron Kaufman.

\- Cory Barlog may not direct the upcoming title, but has stated he would still be involved in the game's development to ensure success.

\- Artist Nate Stephens has indicated that the fight against Thor will be much longer and much bigger.

\- Kratos won't die. At least, not permanently. Cory Barlog has mentioned that without him, it is not a proper God of War story.

That's all the official stuff that I could find. Please add something if I missed it!",407,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1hk1p,Valkyries and new game plus,Do valkyries that I’ve killed in my first play through stay dead in new game plus? I dont wanna start a Ng+ if I have to rekill some of the Valkyrie. Could anyone enlighten me?,1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c1h4bz,"Should I play all 6 PS3 games before GoW 2018 or just play 1,2 and 3?","I am dying to get my hands on the new god of war asap, but I want to play the previous games first. I've played GoW 1 which I loved, although a bit challenging and I'm about to go on to GoW 2. I have all 6 of the older games available to me on PS Now, but are they worth playing after GoW2? Or should I just go to 3 and then 2018? Some people say that the prequels are amazing and some say that they're tedious.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0y7y5,I Just had one of the best gaming experiences i have ever had in my life.,"I Made sure that the last thing i need to do for platinum was free/kill sigrun, 
It took me 20-25 tries to get her, 
When she went down i pressed that R3 so hard i nearly broke my thumb stick, 
I got the platinum and
It was one fucking glorious moment and i just wanted to share my happiness.",441,public,
GodofWar,t3_c12jn4,My first time playing a God of War game and I haven’t moved in 10 hours,"I started playing this game this morning and literally didn’t move from my sofa, not even to eat until 8:30 tonight until my bf came in and made me turn it off to hang out. 
This game, the dialogue, the atmosphere just everything is fucking fantastic. I’m absolutely in love with mythology and have no idea why I haven’t played this series before. 

Just so this isn’t a wasted topic, I think I may try to platinum this game. Without spoilers, can it be done in one playthrough or will I need a NG+? Also what’s everybody’s favourite Norse god or tale?",98,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1d92d,Sindris armor set,"Whenever I go to the shop to purchase sindris armor set it says that it will drop my level and I’m only level 5, currently wearing mythic clarity set. Is this normal?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1f5kp,The Witcher 3 - Anyone else find it hard to play?,"So I finished GoW are loved it. Amazing game, story, combat, side quests the lot.

So I heard good things about the witcher 3. Bought it, played the first couple of hours and I can't help but think it just feels slow and a bit weak on the acting front. Diagloue seems a bit painful.

Im sure it's a great game. But has anyone else struggled to go from god of war to witcher and enjoy it? Maybe the first few hours are boring and I need to give it more time.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1bwlz,[SPOILERS] What were some of the last things you discovered after the game’s story?,"I just finished the story a few weeks ago, and I just beaten Sigrun a while ago so I’m left to really just exploring. Lately I discovered one of Odin’s hidden chambers just at the backyard of Kratos’ home! It boggles me (as much as Atreus) that it’s just so near their place! It had a realm tear in it, but I’m just happy and amazed this game has so much more surprises for the player!",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1e6qo,Movie,Does anyone know if there is a god of war movie in the makes?? This would be a major hit. I hope anyone can give insight on this.,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1dyhd,"New to GodofWar, question about xp","I am only a few hours in and loving the combat so far it feels really refreshing and and a blast to fight with. I have seen the skill tree and realised that some skills, no matter how much xp you have, can't be unlocked until a certain level. With this in mind is it worth farming a bunch of xp in the early game. My friends told me about a glitch to do with the parry achievement then resetting to the last checkpoint to get loads of xp over and over. Does doing this spoil the game or does it just make your endgame much easier?

TL DR ; I am new to the game. Does doing an xp glitch ruin the combat of the game as you are too strong or does it just make it less of a grind later on?

Edit: thanks for the help. I didnt do the trick and am now loving the game completely. I can see why it got GotY",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1dozc,What new enemy type do You want to see in the next game?,"We already have the Wulver, which is technically a Scottish monster so they don't Have to be Norse monsters, just Northern. Maybe we could include Wendigos since we already have Cannibal humans.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c19p6l,So About the Ending of God Of War..,"Before reading my post , there are major spoilers so please leave the post if you haven’t finished.
Looking backing at it now lm still wondering how God of war 5 will turn out. 
Now thinking about Kratos’s supposedly Death and I I’m on the side of Kratos being alive because he’s immortal but my view of that side is slightly changing because of Faye’s prophecy this is because in the end the walls pretty much show an accuracy of everything that’s happened.
Kratos and Odin both believe the fate is lie and I quote what Kratos says after in the ending to Mimir “Nothing is Written That Cannot be UnWritten” 
But before this statement Mimir tells Kratos has changed something about the coming of Ragnarok , saying that and it was supposed to happen after 100 winters. 
But what do you really think will Kratos die or Live to see the fall of the Norse Gods?.",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c1754s,Question about the dark elfes,Why does the boss elf say you made a mistake for helping the light elves,9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1beg2,New Game Plus vs Give Me God of War Difficulty,"So, I've just completed this masterpiece on Give Me A Challenge difficulty, although I still have some Valkyries left, Musphelheim to complete and some Realm Tears to close, etc., and I was wondering whether I should complete all these things and 100% the game before trying New Game Plus?

Or should I go onto New Game Plus straight away and try and 100% the game that way, with all the new stuff?

Alternatively, I could always try the brutal Give Me God of War difficulty instead?

Thank you for any help! I absolutely adore this game, and really want to make the most of the end-game content. :)",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1akx8,"I'm going back to play the old god of war games but i don't have a lot of money, so is the difference between the ps3 and ps4 version of gow 3 big or is it okay to play the ps3 version?",While i have a ps4 i would prefer to save money as much as possible and the ps3 version is much cheaper so is it okay to buy the ps3 version instead of the ps4 one? or am i missing out on too much?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1ahos,Super quick question,What is the name that Kratos is referred to by the Norse Gods?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c17oci,Can I switch difficulties in the end game?,"I wanted to try out hard fighting the Valkyries. Yet if it's too hard I'd like to know if I can switch back to the normal mode. 
I also heard the Valkyrie final boss is tough so I might not even want to take on Hard mode.

Edit: if I switch to the Easy mode will it let me go back to normal as well. I regret a lot.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0qzka,God Of War had unskippable cutscenes until NG+ came out and there wasn’t any outrage over it.,Just goes to show how phenomenal the game is.,862,public,
GodofWar,t3_c15lf1,Niflheim tower enemies,"Iv just got to the lake of the nine, and im only level 1. Anyway tried dockong the boat at niflheim   dock and theres this ""realm tear"" encounter. These guys 1 hit me and theres two of them. Am i expected to chip away at them to beat thrm or is this best left for later?",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c18ttr,Question about GMGOW+,"So I’ve read a few posts on here that say GMGOW is really hard. Is GMGOW+ easier, or is it sort of scaled so it’s the same challenge? Also, I know enemies start at power level 7, is this power lvl equivalent to power level 7 in GMAC and GMABE, or are the enemies even faster and stronger for each power level? Thanks",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c10xb7,Something that bothers me,"Something that bothered me about the whole Alfheim section is than once you've beaten Svartáljǫfurr he says that you've made a grave mistake by helping the light elves, but he literally never gave you a chance to help the dark elves since the moment you enter Alfheim the dark elves have done nothing but attack you.

Not really anything major, just something that confused me a bit",12,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c170ax,Atreus: Greek or norse?,"So I know at the end of the campaign atreus is revealed to be loki, norse God of mischief, but with the God half of him coming from his dad would that make him a Greek god? I don't feel like it really makes a difference but if he is Greek doesn't that mean kratos has a pantheon to finish off?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c16dmg,"I just finished the lastest game, would play again","This game was more different from the other games, which made me enjoy it more, and i like how the story is also more different from the other games. I hope the devs make another game similar to this one.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c1ck2f,Petition for Sony to make GOW free as a Father's Day sale,"It's the least they can do, cmon.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0ur8p,I started GOW today.,"Today I installed and started GOW for the first time. I’ve never played a GOW title and I needed to let you know ... I’m gobsmacked. I’m floored. I’m sitting in a f”@king corner curled up crying at how amazing this experience is. I restarted after an hour just so I could go back and find the toys... this game is out of this world. 
Thank you for listening.",30,public,
GodofWar,t3_c123y1,Leveling Up,I got this game recently and I'm absolutely loving it. I already beat the story and I'm level 7 close to level 8. Any help on how to level up faster?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0x3ry,Plot Twist *Spoilers*,"After Kratos finishes raising his son he then has to sacrifice himself to save him, thus  falling inline with the glyph we saw on the wall at the end of God of War. BUT when he dies he doesn't really die, as we all know gods (especially kratos) can die but not really be fully dead. No instead he is sent back to hades' underworld but finds it completely empty as there is no more gods  in Greece. So kratos climbs out of the depths of the underworld once more, only to be greeted by the ungodly level  of Kaos and destruction that has laid waste to the lands. Thanks to his new found humanity, a gift from Atreaus, Kratos now feels the true weight of what he has done to his home and his people and so sets off to find a way to find a way to revive his father and his 2 brothers: Zues, Hades and Poseidon, In the hope that maybe togther the 4 of them can rebuild Mt.Olympus and restore order to the lands in which he calls home so kratos may finally Rest In Peace.",7,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c11rlm,I just finished the main story and I'm blown away,"Hands down one of the greatest experiences I've ever had with a game. The graphics were beautiful, the combat was extremely satisfying and the cinematics were just amazing. This is an incredible game and I can't wait for the next installment in the series.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c13z5n,"Just bought the game, waiting for it to download. Any tips I need to know?",Title,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c100jh,I need help. Please.,"This is my first time playing God of war 4, I started about 3 weeks ago and me being the gamer I am I thought it would be a good idea to play the ""Give me God of war"" difficulty the first time. for 3 weeks I have actually made it quite far with no problems, however I am at the part where you fight Eir, the Valkyrie. I am absolutely not good enough to kill her. If she hits me with a single attack it's over. I've gotten this far into the game with no problems everything has been just fine but this Valkyrie has just completely ruin the flow of the game for me. I guess what I'm asking is if there's any way around it or if there's a really cheap way of getting rid of her. I have tried and tried, the furthest I have gotten is about half health.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0zimr,Best armor ?,Hi this may be subjective but what is considered the best endgame armor? Im still using tyrs armor just finished tyrs vault have killed 2 valkyries and have 2 more swords in muspelheim should I consider getting new armor ? My preferred stats are strength runic and defense but desired stats can always be gained through enhancements. Again what is considered by the majority to be the best armor ?,2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c11ve0,Looking for help after losing a game save!,So i was going through my saves and my little brother accidentally saved over my save when he was playing today. I know i can try to back up through cloud but i don't have PS+. So I was wondering if anyone had a save right at the start of The Sickness missions where you head to helheim with the chaos blades. I ended right where i got the blades. If anyone has that save I would appreciate you if you could send it my way!,1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c16tl2,Enough with this Trolls!,"I really think by now and just with this game kratos has brought this entire race to extinction... Alongside all the valkyries

Hope the next game uses them sparingly, like 2-3 trolls and only 1 valkyrie (yup the Queen)",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0v7jd,Strange woman at the 2016's E3 demo,"I don't know if you already noticed this, but I was just watching the E3 demo again for nostalgia and I noticed that just after the first battle agains the Draugr, a strange woman (?) appears at the right for two seconds. What do you think about it? I don't remember if there is an enemy similar to that.

Here is the video I was watching, it appears at 8:53: [https://youtu.be/hPcuMRTkEdQ?t=533](https://youtu.be/hPcuMRTkEdQ?t=533)",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0ln9h,Questions from someone who just finished the main campaign.," I got back from the complete mindfuck of a trip to Jötunheim, and also got the extra scene from sleeping back home. I absolutely love this game's plot and it's worldbuilding. Some questions I have:

- I'm left with the other 4 realms to fully explore (haven't touched Muspelheim and Alfheim), also haven't defeated all the Valkryies. Any order to which I should do all this?


- More trivial question but I've unlocked Brok and Sindri's armour sets, which one should I get? I do enjoy more runic and cooldown but losing strength seems like a huge tradeoff to me.


- Is the upgraded Shattered Gauntlet of the Ages (the Infinity Gauntlet easter egg) practical or is it just a novelty?


- What mythology does the last symbol on the shrine in Odin's secret chamber come from? I know the other 3 are Norse, Greek and Egyptian.


- What direction do you want to see the series to take after their done with the Ragnarok saga? Continue with Kratos and/or Atreus into other lands? Revisit Greece post-GOW3 as a another character?",130,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c0ym1w,enhancement system,i want to know about how dose the enhancements work because i Keep buying all of them and I'm afraid that i should Just choose one and the rest is overwriting,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0tnz6,Just started this game and I'm already blow away,I'm in the first 20 minutes and I'm already in love this game and the only thing I've done is padel a canoe. I haven't fought anyone yet. Wish me luck guys ive started my on the 3rd difficulty setting.,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0x327,Do I go to ng+ or start a new game on harder difficulty?,"Hey all, 

&amp;#x200B;

I'm done pretty much everything except nif/musp (maybe halfway on each) on normal difficulty.  I'm a bit confused as to whether I should go to ng+ when I'm done or do I start the game over on a harder difficulty?  What's recommended?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0w6ne,Question about new game +,So is it you start a new game with everything you already have? Also is it harder to complete and then do you get better gear? Sorry for the influx of questions just curious,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0rkrx,God of War Fan Made Trailer,"Here's a trailer I made for God of War. I'm new to editing and this is my first time doing this kind of thing. If anyone knows about this kind of thing could you please give me some feedback?

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4iqY4T6Ze4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4iqY4T6Ze4)",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0tnhs,"Lost my save file at the very end, what do I do now?","Pick up the game this year to play the game for the first time, and loved the game at first sight. It felt so good to hack through enemies after a long day of work.
I was very far on the story, at the near end. I had already beaten 7 Valkyries, completed Niflheim after 3 days of gridding, beaten the Valkyrie of Muspelheim, all skills maxed out. And today I was determined to finish the main story and focus on the platinum, but when I turned on the PS4, the console gave me the blinking blue light and no signal on the tv. Had a minor freak out, went for the web for quick solutions and came across the “blue light of death”.  Restarted the PS4 a lot of times and nothing seamed to work. Went for the safe mode, and selected basically all the options but when the PS4 restarted, I still had no signal on the tv.
As a last resort I tried to change the HDMI cable, and suddenly the PS4 started like nothing happened, however all my data was lost, and now I’m devastated, haven’t seen the final of the game, no motivation to start from scratch, but I need to finish this amazing story and get this platinum before I can move on to another game.

I could really use some word of comfort right now.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0nv1k,On Breaking Cycles,"SERIOUSLY SPOILERS LIKE... RIGHT AWAY. 
Also I wrote this on mobile so the formatting may be fucky.

Isn't it interesting the choice of words Kratos uses as he snaps Baldur's neck?

The cycle ends here!

He is referring to the cycle of patricide (or in Baldur's case matricide). But ironically as that cycle (hopefully) ends, another cycle begins...

Ragnarok!

Although I suppose as Ragnarok is an infinitely repeating cycle the beginning is also the end, so Kratos is doubly right!

Also shout-out to Raisin Kratos. It's an amazing YouTube documentary I'm sure you've all seen about how they added wrinkles to Kratos because he had been in the sun too long. (My old man sense of humor makes no apologies)",5,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c0rc1v,New player.. questionable gameplay,"Hey,

So, I'm in fairly early, but I just wanna raise a few grievances with some of the gameplay as I feel it's just partly badly designed but feel free to teach me some top tips.

Revenants feel extremely bad to fight. Lots of teleporting, which isn't too bad, but then they are just brown blobs, in brown environments which makes them really hard to telegraph react. Added on to that their animations are really poor. Thier attacks look very similar to their stagger animations that it's hard to tell when they're taking damage or when they are swinging at you making them pretty unfair and unfun to fight. Throw in that you also tend to play Vs two of them and they run away to corner so you will always have your back to one throwing homing missiles at you it feels particular unfair.

Ancients, so these guys are visually cool and rewarding to fight. But man some of their attacks feel VERY unfair. 
The explosion missiles are by far their best designed attack, gives you time to attack if you dodge with good timing, but also pose a very serious threat.
However the laser that goes to your feet is pretty damn stupid. It's very fast, instantly does damage, and tracks you perfectly. This attack is very very badly designed imo. Especially because this is supposed to be the one time you hit them back, but you can't because you need to dodge a very fast tracking high damaging ability.
Combine this with the fact that it has the exact same starting animation as the missiles you either lose damage on the missiles expecting a laser do are running around, or you expect missiles and take damage from the laser. 
You can easily fix this by adding a charging animation to the laser so you can prepare for a moment.

Finally another weakness of the game is it's camera. It feels like a really narrow view, so you can very often get hit from behind, throw in a projectile, a speedy fireboi enemy, and you take damage before you can really react. Feels kinda unfair.

Please let me know if I'm wrong though! And I do love the combat it's just these few niggles that are really pressing me.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0ov6n,Just got the Blades of Chaos - How much more to go?,"Hello all, I'm late to the God of War train and couldn't pass up the $20 deal right now. I feel like I've progressed a lot already. I finished the shopkeeper quests and freed the souls from the River of Nine. I think most of my favors are complete and just got the blades of chaos. How far would you say I am in the game? 20%, 40% ? This has to be one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played and can't stop thinking about playing while at work. I'm taking my time and am trying to get the most out of it, I am trying to avoid story missions (orange indicators on the map) and do the optional quests first. How much longer will I get to enjoy my first playthrough?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0jixs,Top 5 Favorite Boss Fights in GOW Franchise,"Let me hear your favorites

1. Sigrun

2. Cerberus Breeder

3. Baldur ( Last Part of Story )  

4. Scorpion 

5. Zeus",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0ocov,Missing Dragon Tear in New Game Plus,"I'm in the middle of NG+ and I got the Shattered Gauntlet of Ages Plus, but I realized I won't have enough Dragon Tears after I free them all and kill Baldur's dragon because I upgraded my original gauntlet using the with the tear from the first dragon since I forgot to fully upgrade it during my first playthrough. Does this I'll have to start another NG+ to fully upgrade my new gauntlet?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0ip0t,Tyr's temple secret?,"Hi everyone!

&amp;#x200B;

I noticed something strange in Tyr's temple (in the room where you get the black rune). If you climb the wall and jump down you land close to a pillar that has an arrow pointing upwards. Higher up there's one pointing down, and then up again.

Now the weird thing: if I stand in front of that pillar and press down two times to turn around quickly, I hear a strange noise. I hear the same noise if I stand facing away from the pillar and then move my character or just look back around without using the down key (see included video) .

It reminds me of the gong you hear when getting the secret 'forbidden grip of the ages'. It also made a noise when you made a mistake I think.

So is there a secret here that I'm missing? Is there a sequence you have to follow that I can't find out? Has anyone else noticed this and maybe gotten any further?

&amp;#x200B;

PS: when you walk all the way to the other side of the upper level the same thing happens with the pillar there, none of the other pillars do it..

&amp;#x200B;

thx for any help!

[apparently there's no sound when you upload a video here but just try for yourself. If you can't hear it let me know](https://reddit.com/link/c0ip0t/video/44l9vbleya431/player)",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_c06d3j,Finally got the Platinum trophy,"Thus took me longer than it should have but I got burned out playing the game and had to take a break.

However, this game is amazing and I don’t know why I didn’t get it at launch. The characters, story, combat, everthing is just top notch.

Fuck Sigrun though. I was under the impression that the Valkyrie fights would be hard, but I managed to breeze through them. The only one that gave me trouble was the one on Musphelheim. So when it came to the Queen I thought, “ez pz”. Boy was I wrong. About 7hrs grinding in Niflheim to upgrade my gear and another 3hrs of fighting, I finally did it.

I want to thank Santa Monica for giving us this game, and I can’t wait for the sequel.",164,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c0qmgv,Final boss was disappointing,"I know I’m late to this game but I thought that the Baldur fight was disappointing as we’ve already fought him and we know most of his moves,I was expecting something bigger like Thor or Odin. Anybody else agree?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c00r0d,The one scene that bothers me in GoW 4 (SPOILERS),"When Kratos comes face-to-face with Baldur, for the second time, Baldur impales Kratos with a piece of stone. This gives Kratos immense amount of pain and you can see Kratos holding the area where he was impaled. Even when Atreus pushes Kratos away, Kratos goes back to holding the punctured area because it hurts. However, there is no hole or blood and moments later, he acts as if nothing happened and he goes to fight Baldur. This was an in-cutscene wound that Kratos received so shouldn't it have been more prominent? In previous installments, Kratos has been hurt and the gameplay acknowledges this. For example, in Ghost of Sparta, Deimos punches Kratos into a bloody mess. Kratos doesn't pick himself up right away to sprint and fight Thanatos. He struggles to get his posture and slowly walks away from his blood pool.

I'm not saying Kratos should have been out for the count, due to his wound, I'm saying there should have been a little more time to acknowledge it. The impaling served little purpose since Kratos basically shrugged it off. Kratos is durable, however, he's not invincible. He was even killed by Ares, in a similar fashion, by being impaled by stone (a much bigger piece, mind you). This particular scene just stood out to me.",295,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0icjr,Two unstoppable forces meet,"So...

Doom guy and Kratos meet in a dark alley.


Who’d win?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0e12l,Feature Request,"Does anyone else wish you could summon and refight any Valkyrie anytime?  Like after you defeat them and place their helm at the counsel of Valkyrie’s, a realm tear would activate at their throne and you could fight them again as many times as you want?  

I’ve loved my first and second playthrough of this game, but I feel like I’m just done with it now, despite the fact that I’d love to dial up some great Valk fights (kinda like the Muspelheim trials) just to continue to experiment with builds and combat strategies.  

What did everyone do after 100%’ing the game, then defeating everything in a subsequent NG+?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0dv7w,Question on Platinum for the game,"After I beat the game, I will still be able to Platinum the game after right? Or are there some trophies that have to be done along the story, will I be able to get the trophies after beating the game?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0hh2d,What's the point of the mist armor so late in the game?,"Spoilers ahead

So I am playing through the game for the first time and want to get the best armor (mist) before I fight the Valkyries. Problem is, I need to go to Niflheim to get the mist armor. To go to Niflheim, I need the 4 treasure chests, the last of which is in the world serpent. 

When I get the last piece, it literally triggers the last fight of the game. All that's left for me to do now is go to Jotunheim. 

So I'm confused. I can go to Niflheim to get the mist armor now, but what's the point. Just to use when fighting the Valkyries? It seems strange that they don't give you access to the best armor earlier in the game so that you can at least use it.

Am I alone on this? Just wondering if maybe I missed something along the way.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_c09sfj,muspelheim crafting question,"Hi have completed 3 different areas and have a bunch of the muspelheim crafting materials but my question is whats the best thing to craft with them? I have tyrs armour and really like how many enhancement slots it has  , so again what is best thing I should craft/ save up for?",6,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c07ybg,What's the craziest twist you can think of for things to come?,"Maybe it's about the end-state of the world or it's about the series of things that could happen to blow your mind.
Doesn't even have to be what might happen as much as what can happen, like Kratos and Atreus siding with neither the giants or the gods at the end of the day.",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0304v,A God of War Poetic Project,I dabble in poetry from time to time and I'm currently working on a long poem about the story of God of War. I'm just gauging potential interest in seeing it posted here when it's done. What do you think?,41,public,
GodofWar,t3_c06pgu,Trying to get platinum,I can’t get into the castle after beating the game in alfheim? This is so annoying,10,public,
GodofWar,t3_c05v1c,"NG+ Help, am I screwed?","Haven't touched the game in over a year. I beat it top to bottom when it first came out. All the best armor etc...   A couple months after that, I decided to try another run &amp; abandoned around a level 3 character. Fast forward to now, wanting to go through ng+ finally, and there seem to be no save files that correlate to the first run through where I acquired everything. 

Am I screwed? Am I going to have to go through another play through &amp; re-acquire everything before starting ng+ in its intended experience? I tried going through the beginning at lvl 3, and was getting one shot by the first enemy encounter of the game.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_c06sod,God of War 3 Remastered on playstation 4 is 75% off,[https://twitter.com/FreeProductsDe1/status/1139183919419576321](https://twitter.com/FreeProductsDe1/status/1139183919419576321),3,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0843f,Hi I’m a new buyer Checking for activity😄,"Hi, GOW buyer.😄",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_c02unv,Light vs Dark?,"Doing my first NG+ (third playthrough altogether) and was wondering if anyone had figured out a clear good or bad side of the war in Alfheim. The way the Dark Elf boss towards the end says something like “you’re making a mistake” always seems so significant, and I always wondered if there was anything solid behind it.

I always saw it as just a reflection of Kratos’ moral ambiguities, and how being “good” or being “bad” is relative to your character. But if you guys have anything else let me know.",8,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_c01zly,God Of War 2018 Review (No Story-Related Spoilers)(Contains Gameplay-Related Spoilers),"**Narrative (10/10):** *The Narrative of God Of War is very well written. The story takes on a concept of father and son fulfilling the dying wish of their beloved wife/mother. The story starts off slow, but soon unravels the intriguing mystery hidden within this epic journey. The game not only focuses on the main story, but gives a great deal of inisght on the lore of Norse Mythos. In regards to lore, it's never forced upon you. There are several ways to discover the mythos surrounding the world. the approach to understanding lore is well integrated. While there are a few slow moments and moments of backtracking, the overall story is an absolute triumph; In which masterfully showcases the intriguing mythos of Norse Mythologuy*

**Character Development/Character Arc (10/10):** *There are many characters within the game; All of which are interesting and tied to the story in a meaningful way. The characters are well fleshed out. Kratos is one of the most complex/fascinating characters portrayed in gaming. Players will develop an emotional connection to these characters. Overall. the cast of characters is stunning, and these charcter arcs will compel the player to give an emotional attachment to every single one of them.*

**Gameplay(10/10):** *The gameplay within God Of War is absolutely epic and grand to be apart of. From appearance to animations, the enemy design is one of the greatest, if not the greatest, in gaming to date. Combat is complex and strategic, and makes the player use Kratos to his full potential. GOW's mastercrafted combat mechanics make the player feel as if they are a master-class spartan warrior. GOW's realistic and unforgiving combat makes for a tactical-strategic combat experience never before seen. From the throw of your axe, to the parry of your shield, the combat is consistent with fluidity. Overall, God Of War's gameplay has set a bar for others within the genre, respectively.*

**Challenge(10/10):** *GOW has four difficulty settings; from beginner level(which is focused on a story experience) to hardest difficulty(which is unforgiving). The latter is called ""Give Me God Of War"". I recommend challenge seekers to play on GMGOW; The game is at it's best when plyed at this difficulty. To the average gamer, i'd recommend playing on ""Give Me A Balanced Experience"". The game has a continous challenge regardless of difficulty; Which makes for a solid level design.*

**Genre (10/10):** *God Of War is an action-adventure game set in a fantasy world. GOW's brutal combat contains all elements of an action game. In conjunction with the combat, GOW's compelling story has all elements of an adventure game. With that being said, God Of War exceeds all expectations of the action/adventure genre, respectively; Which makes it the perfect action-adventure game.*

**Graphics(10/10):** *God Of War is arguably one of the best, if not the best, looking games of this generation. Elements such as character models, environment landscapes, weapons, armor, lighting, etc., are of exceptional quality. In regards to graphics, GOW doesnt shy away.*

**Sound Design(10/10):** *God Of War has amazing sound quality. the sound of dialogue is very realistic. The sound of weapons clashing are epic. GOW has a great selection of thematic soundtracks. Music is well-integrated in dialogue and gameplay. Overall. GOW's sound design is of stunning quality.*

**World Building(10/10):** *God Of War is filled with interesting-interactive locations that have their own lores and context you can find within these locations. The regions are absolutely lushfull and full of detail. Overall. the world is beautiful and creatively constructed.*

**Technical Standpoint(10/10):** *From a technical standpoint, GOW is near flawless. In my entire playthrough, I hadn't encounter one single bug. Performance is absolutely stunning with not any noticeable drop in FPS from beginning to end. The game is truely a technical achievement in this regard. God Of War is nothing short of a quality game.*

**Overall: 10/10 Absolute Masterpiece -(""No Game Is Perfect"", God Of War Is An Exception)**",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_c0050o,Cost to Buy Everything,"Hello,

I was just wondering how much it costs to buy everything in the game? Armor, enchantments, etc.

Thanks",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzm46b,Kratos' idiolect,"I haven't seen this confirmed by Santa Monica and haven't seen it discussed, but I got the sense that the way Kratos speaks in the Norse game isn't just him being a gruff man, it's reflective of his lack of familiarity with the old Norse language. From ""Boy!"" and ""Woman!"" and ""Head!"" to ""do not speak again"" and ""it was her wish, and it was time"" and ""the Axe did not return"" and ""you would not listen"" and ""LEAVE MY HOME"", Kratos not only is a man of fewer words than he was in the previous games but he uses certain words in an odd way and in sentences his words are generally very emphatic and weighty. Every other character displays a much more casual and flowy idiolect, and there are even anachronisms like Atreus saying ""duh"" 

Maybe I'm reading too much into it, but my parents had to learn English and I noticed some similarities in their and Kratos' usage of it. If I'm right, it's just another display of the attention to detail and care that went into this game 

Btw if it wasn't obvious, you can surmise that the whole game they're conversing in Old Norse from their ability to communicate with other characters  and then it's brought to attention when Atreus tries to teach Kratos how to read Old Norse because he only knows how to speak it",495,public,
GodofWar,t3_bztjg6,Theory about the mural and Kratos’ fate,"So by now we know kratos has already died before and got back from Greek mythology’s hell without that much trouble. If the mural’s painting is correct kratos dies, but what happens to those who die in Nordic mythology you may ask. Well if they died a warriors dead like kratos most likely would, a Valkyrie takes them to Valhalla, and we know at least one important Valkyrie. So get this, kratos could die fighting Thor and maybe freya takes him to Valhalla so she can get her revenge, or perhaps he dies fighting freya and afterwards she takes him there maybe regretting killing him, or maybe she was already going there idk. Anyways kratos now is in Valhalla and can get to Odin.



Also, Valhalla’s description is that it’s heaven and the warriors are happy to be there fighting 24/7 basically. I imagine Santa Monica can spin this idea pretty well and show that it’s actually torturous to be there and only Odin really likes it or something",16,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bzxpqa,When should i do the side quests (unfinished business),Just got the game recently. I just cut off Mimirs head an was wondering should i do all the side quests now or when im finished the main story or does it really not matter? Ive only done about 2 or 3. TIA i know the question is probably asked a lot.,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_c02cqh,What will be GodofWar 5,"God of war 4's story was outstanding. From Sparta to Norse, Atreus being Loki, Thor, Odin, the giants and most amazing was Kratos and Atreus' bonding. So what are you thinking about God of war 5?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzr1uu,Finished the story today...,"along with most of the side quests,and....... I don't know what to say,i can't describe this feeling,the whole time i was playing i genuinely felt like walking along with Kratos and Atreus throughout​ the journey, genuinely felt for all their emotions,happy or sad, genuinely felt very happy for both of them at the end and at same time felt so sad that the journey is over,but like kratos said it was indeed an important one ,not just for them but for me as well,it changed me, I don't really talk to my dad much,but after finishing god of war,i went and asked my dad if he wanted hang out,we spent some time today,he asked me ,what happened,why do you wanna spend time with me today,i said i just wanted say thanks for everything,that being said, it's a masterpiece,ratings can't do justice to this game,if at the end of avengers end game fans said they love tony stark 3000, I'm saying i love this game 30000,yeah, it's been a wonderful journey,thank you santa monica studios,cory and all the devs for making this amazing amazing game,have a happy life everyone of you,thank you",23,public,
GodofWar,t3_c000jk,God of war,Just so every one knows u can get to lvl 10 character lvl. I'm currently sitting g on 10.5 character lvl,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzpxqt,God Of War Inquiry: Atreus,"So, I am not sure if this is just me, but does anyone else feel an ""odd"" paternal/maternal(parent-like for the non-binary folk) connection to this fictional character?

I mean, I can't be the only one out here thinking they have a son named Atreus whenever I switch on the game.

Now I am not one to get attached to fictional characters, I used to make fun of that crowd(because I am a dumbass and I now realize that is not cool). However, with Atreus, it becomes oddly personal. Like you can just feel this odd will to take care of him. 

I remember thinking multiple times like ""Oh shit my son"" if I ever let him get captured by a nightmare, or when the Dragur would focus him and such. 

Just me? (If that's the case let this fade into nothingness and spare me).",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_bztq5s,New At Game: Seeking Best Guide,"Hey all. I used to play GOW years ago on PS3. After years of not playing, I finally bought a PS4 and the most recent GOW. Years ago, I purchased a guide for the game through GameStop for the PS3 game. Now, I’m not sure where to go for a guide per say. Is there a hard copy available? I find the myriad free online guides to be helpful, but am annoyed by all of the adds/click bait that I have to deal with to get my questions answered. Any help would be hugely appreciated. Thanks.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzd0vs,Is it me or does Kratos look like Zeus ?,"From the devs artbook :

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: OFCOURSE I know that he is Zeus' son holy fucking shit.. I just thought it was cool from an artistic point i.e. why they chose to go for the beard etc. Also this is a very high res photo.

https://i.redd.it/l900bf90kq331.png",323,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzk3ju,I unlocked/purchased and fully upgraded (almost) every item in the game,"Not including the starting armour set and pommels, there are a total of 239 items in the game that can be found/purchased/unlocked and upgraded. These come in the form of Atreus' armour, chest pieces, bracers, warbelts, talismans, weapon pommels.

&amp;#x200B;

Of the 239 pieces of equipment, I have fully upgraded 236, but need to start a new playthrough in order the complete the final 3. If anyone else is looking to upgrade everything then it's worth noting that there is a particular crafting material (Ivaldi's rusted armour) that doesn't carry over to NG+.

&amp;#x200B;

It's also worth noting that there is an armour set in Alfheim that is missable (Runic armour), and I am currently missing the warbelt. A new run is needed for this because the chests that contain this armour set are in a part of Alfheim that cannot be returned to once the story progresses beyond it.

&amp;#x200B;

[Here's a video](https://youtu.be/tvnqeMoW83o) (2:43) showing the stats of everything once maxed out.",30,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzp310,Does Atlas still exist in God of War 4?,Just wondering if the titan still exists in God of War 4?,4,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bzq5p5,The conclusion of Kratos vs Thor I'd like to see,"Kratos not defeat Thor, but redeem him.

Thor is very similiar to the young version of Kratos. By redeeming him, the game could show how much has Kratos grown as a character compared to his violent self.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzjk1h,Help! I think my game glitched.. Either that or I'm having a d'oh! moment.,"Im playing the quest for the legendary armor and you have to go after the Dwarven King and the three key ingredients in God of War 4. 

It's the first step where you have to get the three entry keys to enter the stronghold. When I get the blue crystal from the river and put it in its rightful place, the bridge doesnt show up. Is there a way to fix this without having to start over? I think I was having this same issue with Alfhiem and didnt even realize it. 

Ive already explored the majority of the map and set the dragon free, along with getting the two other entry keys. Is there something Im missing or do I have a permanent glitch about this? Is it fixable?

Edit: It was a d'oh moment.",8,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bzjham,I'm struggling with God Of War 3 and wonder if anyone can help?,"I have recently started playing the game for the first time and so far I love it, there is just one issue and I'm wondering if it is a bug? 


I had not long unlocked the ability to press (L1 + circle), which would heal Kratos slightly, however, now the ability will not work. I have waited long enough in game for it to fill, I just cannot use it. Is there something I am missing? Do you have any advice?


I am in the temple where the dark elves fighting the light elves, if that helps? I've just beat the Stone Ancient and could really do with that extra boost of health.


Thanks",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzgiu0,Just picked up GoW4- do I need to know stories of previous games?,"Can I jump right in, or do i need to watch/read previous editions’  stories?",16,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzk8xi,The Journey Begins,Picked up GOW from PlayStation store for the promo. Been wanting the game for awhile and I went deluxe with it. So far it's  the best thing I have spent $25 on. Boy!,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzmdmz,I came to this sub awhile back and tried for tips on GMGoW. I decided it wasn’t for me and put down the game. However....,"I play game on hard mode. I pretty much skip normal and easy and jump straight to the hard mode. I really enjoyed the combat in the game when I tried my hand at GMGoW but now I am doing give me a challenge. I noticed that I had forgotten some controls and then remembered them during the first draugr fight. I realized that if I had forgotten them, the fight would have taken waaayyy longer. I feel my biggest gripe with this game (so far) is the tutorial is terrible paced. Either that or I’m retarded.... Thoughts?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzxitd,If they replace kratos with the boy I'm done with his of war,"Seriously if they make me play as that fucking kid I'm not going to buy the next game. And I'm going to spoil the next game for myself by reading about the whole thing for myself so there are no fucking BOY surprises. Kratos is the king. Won't play as the boy, won't pay for a game where I have to play as the boy instead of kratos. I know it won't be the next one but if they force it down my throat I'm just not interested, no matter how OP they make him. I want Kratos I don't care. Hate me all you want.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz8msa,How to Beat GMGOW - The Quick Guide.,"1. You can launch regular enemies in the air with \[R2\] and pin the against the walls or trees \[AIM + R2\]. This will kill them instantly.
2. Freeze enemies with \[AIM + R2\] and kick them into each other to slow them down or kick them into walls for huge damage.
3. Use the last move of your \[R1\] combo to throw enemies into walls for huge STUN damage.
4. Doing Labours like Shatterer and Quick Reflexes early on will grant you lots of XP. Use the XP to unlock your Shield Parry follow up with \[R1\] the first chance you get. This upgrade makes early encounters a lot easier.

There...this will make you breeze through GMGOW's first hour like it's nothing.

***I would like to request the mods to pin this post to the top for people starting GMGOW.***",92,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzn5qx,So I've gone and made a nice father's day shirt for all of the boys in the world who've played dad of war to give to their papas for father's day I'm pretty proud of this one as this is my first time feeling good about making something like this so I thought I'd share it with you fellas!,"&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/0mli03k72v331.jpg",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzhxrz,Sigrun Huge Achievement,"Got her down to 75% today on GMGoW!!!! What a BS fight . . .

I’m told because I’m playing wirelessly I have input lag and as a result can’t get Kvasir’s to activate, like ever. 

1st time I’ve felt demoralized playing at this difficulty.

Any pointers are welcome.

Update: Four hours later and on average I just have her into 1 bar most attempts. Been gaming 37 years and used to think I was hot shit. I think I’m just old and slower. I press the buttons the moment the tells are up and I’m behind almost every attack she does. Short of paying someone else to beat her for me, I don’t know how to get better. How degrading . . .

Final Update: 40 hours later, she’s dead. Can’t wait to see her on GMGoW+. I appreciate all the encouragement and pointers",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzjnej,God of War backstory questions!,"https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YETCT15X4gE

I have the following questions about the above video, in my desperate search to learn more about the God of War franchise...

I’ve put a time marker for the video linked by each question as it relates to the specific part of the video.

5:00 - how did Kratos get God-like powers to begin with if he was just a man that made an oath to Ares?

5:00 - how can queen of underworld reunite Kratos with his fallen daughter? Is this god reviving the daughter?

5:30 - how can Kratos go up against Atlas and the queen of underworld if he gave his god-like powers up to see his daughter?

5:48 - why does Atlas hold the world on his shoulders? I know he’s chained in there but can’t he still drop it as he and queen of underworld originally planned?

5:53 - why does Kratos commit himself to losing his memory again? Did the option of seeing his daughter (revived or otherwise) get taken away from him when the queen of underworld died?

9:30 - “the gods will pay for this” is Kratos referring to the god of death killing his brother? Or just the general shit they’ve been throwing his way?

10:50 - why was Kratos rescued by Gia and why did he help Kratos her revenge?

11:00 - again, how can Kratos have so much power if he put it all in the blade of Olympus before Zeus killed him? Is he just less powerful but still powerful enough as a mortal to defeat this foes on the island of creation?

11:45 - why do the titans wish to help defeat Olympus and the gods? I’m guessing Kratos could not beat Zeus after accidentally killing Athena, which is why he has to gather an army of titans?

12:30 - why does pandora want to sacrifice herself to extinguish the flame of Olympus?

As I say I’m just looking for a really detailed understanding for the backstory of Kratos before playing the new God of War. I know some of these questions may not be answerable due to plot holes but any insight at all would be much appreciated! Thanks!!",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzi2t2,Could Loki Be The Sequel's Villain?,"So, we all know that Atreus grows up to become Loki and something time travel happens, he gets sent to the past, the World Serpent gets sent to the past and Fenrir is born. For some reason, Odin releases Fenrir's sons and they bring Kratos to Midgard. Now, I'm not the most educated on Norse mythology aside from the book Norse Mythology by Neil Gaiman, which was a while ago, so I'll be honest, I'm very likely wrong about some of this stuff.

&amp;#x200B;

But, essentially, after the murder of Baldur by Hodr, Loki humiliates the Aesir to such a degree at a dinner that even Odin cannot stop him. Thor comes in and Loki gets scared and shuts the fuck up. Loki is soon thereafter taken by the Aesir to a cave deep within the Earth with his wife Sigyn and their two sons. One son is transformed into a werewolf and made to kill the other son, whose guts are then used to chain a despondent Loki. A snake is positioned to drip venom into Loki's eyes for all eternity, with Sigyn collecting the venom in a bowl and dumping it when it gets full. When she dumps it, the snake drips so hard that Loki goes woo on a bitch and tries to escape his bonds, his strength triggering earthquakes. Eventually, Loki breaks free with such force that Ragnarok begins. He goes to Hel and has his daughter Hela lead the legions of the dead out against the Aesir, his son Fenrir is freed and the end of the Gods begins.

&amp;#x200B;

So, what if the villain in the second game isn't Thor, isn't Odin, but it's Loki? We know that Ragnarok is coming and Odin knows how he dies. So what if he let Fenrir's sons drag Kratos to Midgard to change the timeline, bring him there in a different manner than he would have come and ultimately change the order of things. Ragnarok happens sooner, Loki breaks free and Kratos takes Heimdall's place against him. What if that's the crux of Odin's trickery: have Kratos kill his own son to present him with a choice:

&amp;#x200B;

1. To ensure that Odin is killed, allow Atreus to live his life as it would has gone down in the timeline. Let him go back in time, become blood brother to the Gods by exchanging blood with Odin, father the beasts and eventually destroy the world as we know it only to get killed by his own father in the end.
2. Change Atreus' fate at the cost of Odin no longer being bound by Ragnarok and surviving to continue his hustle, his grand trickery in pursuit of knowledge, once more, this time Jinder unhindered.

&amp;#x200B;

Then again, I am going off of what I remember and not any research, so I may be totally off base.",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bz3p6m,Why is there little behind the scenes clips of Jeremy Davis,"Hi there

&amp;#x200B;

I have watched raising kratos and other youtube videos. Why can i not find any baldur motion capture or interviews with Jeremy Davies?

&amp;#x200B;

He won a bafta for his role",204,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzf18y,God of War 5,I’m sure this has been asked many times but would it be assumed that we’ll get something got to do with God of War 5 at Playstation experience later this year? Since the game will most likely be a headliner for the Ps5,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz7xk7,Does Kratos still have nightmares about killing Lysandra and Calliope or did those go away once he forgave himself at the end of GoW III?,Maybe his nightmares will be referenced in the sequel? Or did the novel cover this? (I didn't read it),14,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzamtc,Quick HUD question,"Love the game so far, just reached the light of alfheim. I've just got a quick question. Is there anyway to turn of movement hints? 

Like the big ""X"" symbll when approaching a claimable wall, just before crouching etc. 
It stays on even when I put the game in immersive mode.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz882a,Endgame spoiler question and theory about the Serpent,"The last time we see the World Serpent is when he bites the giant's head at the end of the final battle, and he is nowhere to be seen in the map anymore. And all we get is Mimir telling you we should leave the serpent to rest, but I still find it weird that you dont even see a piece of his body anywhere.

Now, when you come back from Jotunheim, Mimir tells you that killing Baldur is what started Fimbulwinter, that ""prophecy didnt count on you, that it wasnt supposed to happen for another 100 winters and that that you changed something""

We also know that they think that the Serpent is in Midgard because the battle with Thor sent him back to the past before he was even born.

Soooo, did we change the future or just the prophecy? Could it be that the serpent vanished because we changed the future somehow?",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz7rlm,"Hey guys, I need your help. I just started GMGOW, and it's kicking my teeth in","This is going to be a very lengthy post, it's my first time posting here and I want you all to understand where I'm coming from when I share certain opinions below.

So a few days ago, I finally beat my first playthrough of Sekiro. It was an amazing game, with an absolutely stellar finish with the final boss being one of the hardest and best designed bosses in gaming (imo). When I finally beat it after probably 50 tries, I was drunk on the challenge it presented and decided I should pick up my absolute favorite game of the last few years, and beat it on the hardest difficulty, God of War.

Now, I knew this was going to be a challenge. I've seen all your posts about how the first set of draugr kicked your asses and made you quickly adapt to how GMGOW needed to be played, which is to say, relentlessly. And I did exactly that, and it was STILL a challenge, but I loved it, and was ready for more

At least that's what I thought

As I continued through the gruelling combat and became a god (get it?) at switching strategies to suit the situation and making sure I kept the enemy where I wanted them and keeping them from buffing, I started to figure it out. And it felt really good.

And then Atreus broke that dumb wooden bridge, and suddenly I felt like I was playing a different game. I understand that GMGOW is supposed to be INSANELY difficult, that's what I wanted after all, but this fight just seemed unfair. Enemies everywhere that can quickly surround you in an area that feels way too small for the number there are, and two fire throwing draugr above you that take 4 or 5 hits with the thrown axe to take down, AND a fight with three heavies and more standard draugr, I just had this sinking feeling. I died at least several dozen times before I finally got it, and when I did, I didn't feel like I had won the battle because I got better or overcame the challenge, I felt like I had just gotten lucky. But you know what hey, I beat it, so its time to move on to the next battle.

And now, I'm stuck again, in that little area right after the second Apple, where the fight starts with a Revenant and two heavy draugr. And guys, I just can't do it.

I have gotten my parry times down perfectly (Sekiro helped a lot with that), I am always ready to dodge attacks from the side or behind, and I am relentless in my attacks, doing the best I can to never let my enemies catch a breath. And yet, I die anyway, because as more enemies join the fray, it just seems impossible to manage all of it.

I've heard from friends and from other posts that it gets easier once you can upgrade your equipment and have more skills, since they give you more tools to deal with the onslaught, and you can customize Kratos to fit your playstyle. But for right now, I just don't see how I'm going to get past it, and it has caused me to have something I never expected to have in this game: a complaint.

Now, before I go on, I want to make it clear that I absolutely ADORE this game. Its right up there with the greatest games of all time, and I will always remember it fondly. But here's my issue, and to illustrate it, I'm going to go back to Sekiro since its so fresh in my mind (keeping it spoiler free of course).

The final boss of Sekiro is an absolute masterpiece, and it's because of its brilliant design. It is so unbelievably difficult, but at no point do you feel it's unfair. Every time I died, it was because I screwed up, I made a mistake, and I got punished for it. It was firm, but fair, so to speak.

This fight in GMGOW doesn't feel that way. You are at such a disadvantage in almost every way, with enemies being able to buff themselves in almost no time at all, not being able to stagger most enemies before they even buff at all, and just the sheer number of them, it just doesn't seem reasonable, and to me it just isn't that much fun. In fact, if I'm being a hundred percent honest, those design choices seem kind of lazy, just a cop out way to make the combat incredibly difficult without actually putting in that much extra effort.

Now, I know a lot of you are probably going for that downvote button right now, and I get it. Especially since a lot of you HAVE overcome this challenge and might see it differently, but as of right now, I just don't understand it. Which, of course, is why I'm here.
 
I've been lurking on this page for a long time now, and I can honestly say it's one of the best communities on Reddit. You guys are so kind and supportive, and obviously love this game as much if not more than I do, and I need your help. Do you guys have any tips to help me get through this? Is there maybe something I'm missing here that is making this more difficult than it should? Or is this just another case of a scrub who needs to ""git gud""?

And more importantly, I want to know if any of you feel the same way as I do about the difficulty at the beginning of this game. I feel like we all love this game so much that at times we will look at it with rose tinted glasses and ignore certain flaws that it has, but EVERY game has flaws, no video game is perfect, at least in my opinion. Is there anyone else who just felt like this opening section was unfair and frustrating for the player? Do any of you feel like this could've been done in a better way, like say keeping it easier until you can upgrade Kratos, THEN ramping up the difficulty? If you've made it this far into the post, I'm sure you'll have opinions of your own you want to share, and I would love to get a discussion with y'all going. Thank you for taking the time to read my first post, and for any advice or thoughts you guys can give",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_byy7at,NG+ or pure GmGoW run through?,"Pretty much the title. For those of you that have done it, which way do you prefer?

I plan on doing the gmgow difficulty either way. Haven’t played in about 6 months if that’s relevant, so I don’t remember a lot of the nuances",75,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz7p1b,Playing God of War for the 6th time. 🙂,"Each time I play, aside from my New Game+ play through, I delete all my saved data and start from the beginning.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz593i,Coming back to PS4...,"Hey guys, I just wanted to start by saying that I’ve never played a GoW game before. I’ve been watching reviews and gameplay and wanted to leave it up to Reddit. So, to buy or not to buy? I know it is on sale so do you think that I should take advantage of this price change. Also, how are the graphics on the base PS4? 

TLDR: What about this game would make me want to buy it? How are the graphics?",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz46p6,I just got God of War and have a question,Still downloading but i wanted to know how much playtime it approximately has.,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz7sh5,More GoW talk,"Watching a GoW 2 walkthrough and I noticed a similarity to GoW 2018, maybe 2. The 1st was how Kratos kills the smaller minotaur, he headbutts them to the ground, and when he's about to shank them through the mouth, they grab his arms leading to a struggle, then he breaks free and shanks them anyway. The similarity is how he kills the bridge keeper of helheim, theres a struggle, then he breaks the pillar with the blades before shanking him through the face.

Now this next one is pure assumption, in GoW 2 we are introduced to the fates. They are  also referenced in the beginning of GoW 2018, the norns, anyone think we will see them in the sequel?

Another question I have, is how Kratos might tie into Egyptian Mythology, racked my brain for a bit and couldn't even come close to coming up with ideas... unless this could be a thanos style, big bad type thing, who ends up being an Egyptian God to end the franchise? Make sense?

Throw all your ideas, questions, comments, speculation and hypotheses at me, let's see how broad this can get!",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz7csw,Thus enchantments stack on each other?,"
Title. For example if I have two ""moderate chance of activating effect x"" thus this stack on each other giving  me a ""high chance of activating effect x?""

More examples:

2x very low chance  = low chance

2x high chance = very high chance

I just want to know if I'm wasting armor enchantment slots by putting 2 enchantments with the same perk. 

Sorry if bad english.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz4l6y,"Anyone who's good at drawing, can i ask a favor?","I really like the runes that are engraved into The Blades of Chaos, [pic](https://imgur.com/a/PNgCXDI), and i really want to get them as a tattoo, i've tried drawing the runes both in photoshop and on paper, but i'm horrible at it, so if anyone is feeling helpful, please help me :P i'd really appreciate it!",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz6tz5,GOW3 Sound effect files,"Hey there, i'm trying to obtain the GOW3 original sound effects for a project i'm working on at the moment, but i can't seem to find them anywhere (such as, the sound his blades do once they hit, the chain rattling, kratos' grunts, etc) so far all i've managed to come across are his voicelines, same as other characters' which i managed to rip out of my GOW3 copy, but the general sfx's are nowhere to be found.

Is there any place where i can find them in clear quality? i've tried extracting them from youtube gameplay, but there's always too much ambient noise going on.

Thanks in advance",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bz440m,Having a bit of trouble with the gear upgrade system,"So, I’m just starting the game and mostly loving it so far. My only two real issues are some of the environmental puzzles (especially the timed ones), a few of which I’ve skipped (and felt bad about), and more importantly, gear. I just can’t really get a handle on what I should be forging/upgrading. Typically I’ll see a new piece of gear available and it only mildly alters some stats (which I’m not even super clear on the purpose of). Like do I want 2 more runic if I sacrifice one vitality? Feels like I’m wasting resources when I craft these things sometimes.

Any tips for a big ol’ n00b like me??",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bytdrk,"I saw someone in this subreddit mention a GoW game with christian mythology, this game already exists!","Dante’s Inferno for last gen consoles and psp, it pretty much is GoW3 with christianity. Same hack and slash kind of action, same violence and nudity, but this time instead of different weapons like blades of chaos or punchy gauntlets, you have your scythe and magic, with two branching paths for magic based on good and evil. You go thru the 9 circles of hell, each one with a gnarly level design, and of course &gt;!the final boss is Lucifer with his floppy dong hanging out!&lt; Similar plot lines too. Prominent soldier on a vengeance streak and takes it up to the highest powers he can, what with the whole “What have you done, do you know who you just killed/the consequences?” and the “i don’t care, it is for vengeance” aspect. If anything, i think dante’s inferno can be darker at times. Although this is me talking about a game i haven’t played in a few years. Almost a decade old now, so you can pick it up for dirt cheap.",39,public,
GodofWar,t3_bzd7ss,God of War Overrated?,"I didnt comment anything on GoW all this time that i didnt play it but i kept reading that its awesome, the best game of the year and a masterpiece and that it deserves over 10 rating etc. I played RDR2 first and AC Odyssey and now I'm playing GoW and i want to comment on this.

No, this game isnt that good. I dont understand why its so overrated and people say its a masterpiece. Imo both RDR2 and AC Odyssey are better games. Also I even prefer GoW 3 over this. Dont get me wrong, its a decent game and pleasurable to play. And the fact that its  kratos makes it even  cooler for us that we loved the old GoW games but it doesnt deserve GOTY over the other 2 games i mentioned.

Its strongest point is the graphics, its gorgeous, absolutely stunning and also because of the camera placement it gives you a cinematic feeling throughout the whole game but :

1. It has an average story
2. The camera might add to the looks but it retracks from the gameplay, you need to ""fight"" it during combat because you can see only infront of you.
3. The combat is a Dark souls and Hack &amp; slash mix type of combat which is decent but  as a DS veteran i would say its worse than DS/AC origins -odyssey. Plus you are fighting the camera too and its ""cheaper"" you just stunlock the easy enemies to death or if the big ones swarm you its a pain in the ass.
4. Unbalanced enemies and more unbalanced enemy encounters because of backtracking. Backtracking is horrible in every game. No gamer ever liked it and dont act like you enjoy it now because you're playing GoW. Also how  does it make sense that Kratos dies in 3 hits from a draugr while he needs to hit it 15 times to kill it? It makes Kratos seem weak as fuck. Also you meet simple lame enemies so strong that they will kill you in 1 hit, that shouldnt have been possible, its ridiculous. I fought &gt;!Baldur!&lt; and it seems he was 1000 times weaker than a draugr.
5. Horrible movement restriction. Yes it has it, its an open world game filled with invisible walls. You can only go where the game wants you to go. There are spots in the game with items for example that I as a normal human being would be able to  reach easily but no, Kratos cant go jump from his boat to that shore, he has to take the looong way around because  there simply isnt a ""dock"" there. Or he cant climb to that rock its  too ""tall"" for a dwarf. They totally failed in the idea of an open world because of this.
6. Lack of weapon variety
7. Lack of miniboss variety
8. Repetitive puzzles

I'm not just bashing the game like its crap, its a good game. I've played tons and tons of games over the years and this is one of the better ones but its so overrated and it got GOTY while it didnt deserve it in my opinion so i wanted to say the flaws I saw while playing. And i havent finished it yet, I just hope i wont find more negatives along the way.

My rating of the game so far would be an 8/10 and thats probably because im a Kratos fan, if it was just a different game i dont know about, it could have been 7.  And the GOTY choice between AC odyssey and RDR2 is hard.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bytjv4,Can Kratos die from gunshot wounds?,"Some people say that kratos can be easily penetrated or stabbed. But if i rmb correctly, he’s only been stabbed by gods with immense strength, a normal human might not be strong enough to stab through his skin. So are bullets powerful enough to penetrate him? If bullets can penetrate him can he quickly heal from bullet wounds? Can kratos survive modern day warfare?",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_byskip,Why the Aesir Gods might be harder for Kratos than the Olympians....,"As we know, the Olympians were dicks. Manipulating and ruling over mortals. Zeus was always looking to bed mortals and just straight up control them. They manipulated Kratos to do their bidding but never sought his death until he opened Pandora’s Box and started destroying towns. Athena was always helpful even though she secretly used Kratos for power. Zeus was powerful as king but he never was very bloodthirsty. He was only trying to protect Olympus but he did turn on Kratos which is a no no. Ares was a big challenge, loving war and was very violent. He’s probably the closest to an Aesir God. All Aesir Gods are part War Gods. They all have a love of fighting. The Olympians do not, they all love to well... “love”. Zeus just wanted to rule over mortals and be in power. That’s it.  Odin wants all knowledge of everything and he will kill anyone who gets in his way. Thor is the biggest butchering bastard in the nine realms and sounds like he might be like how Kratos used to be (I did a post on that recently). Even Valhalla is designed for warriors who die to fight and drink and bang until Ragnarok, that is their heaven. In Greece we had the Elysian Fields, a peaceful place to just enjoy life.  Different cultures will come into play here. Kratos is no longer 100% monster mode, and I think he will need to bring it back to fight a whole Pantheon, the Aesir, where every one of them is essentially a war god.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_byc4dy,No body noticed for almost 2 months,"So i was just scrolling trough twitter and found my way once again to cory barlog's twitter. I saw his pinned tweet from April 21st 2019 that celebrated the one year anniversary of GOW4 ,and read trough the thread meanwhile eagle eyeing for clues towards God of war 5 in the pictures posted along, i found the buildup of the tweets a bit particular since some tweets had a few weird words to start off a tweet... so i became suspicious   and started looking for clues else where... and then I saw it, every first letter of each tweet made up one sentence... ""RAGNAROK IS COMING ❤""... I looked through all the comment on the thread but I seem to be the first to notice it. So i wanted to share this with you all ^.^ 

Here's the link to the Twitter thread to see it for yourself

https://twitter.com/corybarlog/status/1119846983252893696?s=19",1846,public,
GodofWar,t3_bypw8g,[Spoiler] how did kratos get here?,"So. Obviously in the end of kratos' greek mythology phase he put an end to his life by using the blade that could slay TITANS with ease. That should have been it. He blade of Olympus is supposed to be the end of life. Used to ""kill"" mortal kratos. Helped kill his father. Helped slay legions of the undead. But for some reason it didnt kill kratos. After all the gods lay dead. Including himself. Somehow kratos recovered from the massive self inflicted god sword wound. Patch himself up. Somehow dip into norse mythology and start a family without anyone questioning ""hey whats up with that massive scar that nearly goes all the way across your body?"" So my question is. HOW. How could kratos recover from the blade if Olympus and make a strong and fast enough recovery to begin a family probably shorty after. He massacred the greeks. Martyred himself and still walked out the biggest badass, unscathed.",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_byss4c,WTF is wrong with Rota,"There’s something wrong with this fight. Audible queues are broken, when you use abilities that make you immune to runic cast interruption, she ignores it. Sometimes she’ll announce Valhalla and do nothing and others she won’t call out the stomp at all, and if you’re slightly behind and perpendicular to her aerial dashes you can dodge, but anything other than that and you’re grabbed. She also breaks camera lock often which is a major pain especially during Rage or when the curb stomp is incoming. I find myself in the end of a dodge animation from a grab and she’s up with a stomp before I can even get out of my previous roll. Feels like I need to get lucky on top of precise to win. Thoughts anyone?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_byq94i,Need advice for NG+ Give me God of war endgame,"I could use some help getting through some of the more ridiculous parts of the optional areas. I'm stuck on the trial to kill 100 enemies, I usually die because of the damn travellers after killing 20 or 30 enemies. In Niflheim I never seem to get the anchors of fog, I'm not sure what I'm doing wrong. The valkyrie by Thamur's corpse kills me before I even get half her health so my plan was to get better armour from Muspelheim and Niflheim before taking any of them on again. 

I've been using the Cod of War chest and waist with the perfect fire axe pommel which has carried me through everything else up til now.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bywkaz,I can't progress at all.,"I only barely beat the tutorial mobs and the two wolves at the start. Now I just can't get past the group of draugr you have to fight while chasing the deer. I can't even lower the difficulty because it's on god of war. 

How in the hell do you beat these guys? They kill me in 2-3 hits meanwhile it takes an eternity to even dent their healthbars.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bynmh2,Just started playing,Hello nice to meet all the GOW fans here. So I just bought a PS4 and got this game. Started playing it and I was floored by the first boss fight with the stranger. It was so cool. The way they incorporated the no cut camera was phenomenal. I really liked the sequence where the stranger guy punches Kratos and he goes flying and we see the camera follow him. This game transitions from cut scene to gameplay in such a seamless manner and I have never seen any other major AAA game do that. I am also digging the combat system. It's a bit tactical and less button mashing which is great. The story is going really good as well. Hoping to finish this game over the next few days.,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bymb9r,How Kratos is still a God ???,"So I'm replaying God of War ,and even after first playthrough we get to know that he is still a God ,but I wonder how? Like in First installment he becomes one after killing Ares ,but in second game we see how Zeus tricked Kratos to became a Mortal after putting his Power to the Blade of Olympus. Then in Third Game Herkules claims he will be new God of War after killing Kratos but how's that possible ? Could somebody explain that to me C&amp;C welcome :)",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bynqfj,Questions of Kratos’s godhood,"This has been bugging me for a while. Kratos is born a demigod, we know that he’s mortal. But the line between god and demigod is never made clear, like when kratos said to atreus that “he was born a god” while in fact he was born a demigod. So here are few questions.
1. Why do people keep saying Kratos has been made a god? “God of war” is only a title, and kratos is still born a demigod?
2. If kratos has indeed been made a god, what powers did his godhood add to him?
3. Is kratos still a god? how?",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bynm1f,Possible subjects of interest for a possible sequel.,"A few things I wanted to share as I have studied Norse mythology more. Thought these could be a good conversation starter as we hope and look forward to a sequel!

1. In the prose Edda written by Snorri Sturluson, the Aesir gods came from the city of Troy.
2. There is evidence that supports in early Norse myth, Tyr was in fact the head of the Norse pantheon. Not Odin.
3. From an archetypal stand point, giants were not all large, oversized humanoids. They were people who were outside the “tribe”, people who were different. (I believe Mimir made some sort of comment about this soon after Kratos takes his head).
4. This may or may not mean anything, but I find interesting. Ginnungagap, which is a gaping void (could be seen as chaos) brought about the creation of the Norse cosmos/universe by the fire and ice from Niflheim and Muspelheim merging. Chaos from an archetypal stand point is seen as raw potential for either creation or destruction. I think it is kind of funny that Kratos’ main weapons are both Fire and Ice.",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_byk8mf,I’ve restarted the game in Hard mode,"After beating the Valkyrie Queen and everything in normal, I felt pretty good about myself and I’ve tried out hard now.

I don’t usually play games in hard but I just really liked God of War and I didn’t want to just do the same play through.

What I’m getting at is that I’m not so into getting a challenge from a game and I’m doing this mostly to explore this world again but from a sightly different perspective. But then I saw a nightmare fuse with a level 1 druag and the fusion proceeded to One shot me. 

This legitimately freaked me out the first time I saw it and I I guess I’ve gotten what I wanted, that’s certainly something I didn’t ever see in my Normal play through. Now though it seems like I might need an actual play tried and tested play style as opposed to looser approach I took before and I wanted to know if anyone here can recommend any.

I know half the fun of the game is discovering your own play style but I get very easily discouraged from grinding that goes nowhere and I only got through the Valkyrie Queen because she was literally the last thing in the game. So beating her again but this time in Hard I reckon might require a tested strategy if there is any.",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_byjiz9,Your favorite GOW quotes,ARES DESTROY MY ENEMIES AND MY LIFE IS YOURS,8,public,
GodofWar,t3_by6rh9,"I did my thesis/dissertation on the game, and Cory was kind enough to congratulate me on it, the Studio retweeted it, and many other staff personally congratulated me. What an amazing studio and community.",https://i.imgur.com/fSAuHwU.jpg,720,public,
GodofWar,t3_byn4qk,I keep getting stuck at the valkyrie fights,"I did these before, and I swear they got harder the second time around. Any armor tips? And does anyone know that item that allows Atreus to revive Kratos if you die? Like, you get knocked down and you press square to get revived?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_byf456,To everyone who wants to read my thesis/dissertation,"Blown away and amazed at the response! Never thought so many would want to read it.

There are some obvious privacy considerations to be made and some restrictions with a process I have to go through to post it publicly. In addition, I don't know if I want to deal with the critical fallout of having the culmination of your academic career being available for anyone, qualified or not, to critique in whatever way. 

I already got **so many** comments/PMs here and on Twitter criticizing me for affects v. effects…at this point in my career, I am pretty sure I know correct grammatical usage :)

With that being said, I may be able to post a shortened version (like 1300 words or so) depending on how things turn out—let me know if you guys are interested in that.

Once again, thanks for all the compliments and well wishes, really brightened my day.",35,public,
GodofWar,t3_byok30,"Did it sound like the serpent said ""Find Mimir"" to anyone else?","The moment I'm referring to is [right here](https://youtu.be/6CmTK0oTfJ4?t=183), after it seems like the World Serpent realizes they don't know how to communicate with it. 

If you listen closely, the first response sounds like a really muddled ""find"" to me, but Mimir's name sounds really clear to me. Thoughts?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_byea0f,"Call me crazy but I expect the next game around mid 2020, heres why","So heres my reasoning:

First of all, I know most people expect it to be for the PS5, and it makes sense, but I think that due to the nature of the game and how it was built, that they can pull it off much earlier, and make it the last PS4 exclusive. They could always milk a ""remastered"" version on the ps5 anyway

-On the Raising Keatos documentary, right after the E3 reveal section, they talk about how they were scared that it took them too long to proddice the trailer, the guy says ""it took us 2 years to produce those 10 minutes, and we have like a year and half to do 30 hours of game, and we dont know if thats humanely possible. You can also see by the end that they had to turn the game in by January 2018. So it took them less than 2 years to go from the trailer to the final product.

-Technically speaking, their engine is already optimized for stuff like the one-shot camera, realm traveling, fast travel, how Atreus works, how the Axe works, etc.

-And assets like the lake of nine and Tyr's temple, will most definetly make a return, so other than some visual updates (and maybe some paths blocked by snow or something), I doubt they need to spend a lot of time on it.

-While we obviously should expect new enemies, the basic ones like draugrs and hel walkers, wolves, wolverns, etc, will make a return, so theres not much to polish there.

-Sunny Suljic is at that point where he is growing up by the day, if they want him to fit the timeline, they should be doing his stuff by now.

-Most importantly, we know that the game had a very limited budget and lots of doubts from SM's bosses. That wont be the case here, after the success of the first one, Im certain that SM will get a much bigger budget and a lot of support from Sony, and I dont see them wanting to delay it till the Ps5 is out.

-All this Ragnarok is Coming teasing from twitter and the ps4 theme, would be kinda weird if the game was still 2-3 years away.


So, I dont find it impossible for it to be out mid 2020, which would be about 2 and a half years after they finished the first one, which they made in less than 2 years once they had the engine optimized for the reveal.",14,public,
GodofWar,t3_byevrz,One simple question,Could Thor fly in the mythology?,10,public,
GodofWar,t3_by8usv,Bought this game and played the first 10 minutes,Jesus christ its like I'm captain America and thor all in one. This game is incredible I wish I bought this sooner. That is all,41,public,
GodofWar,t3_bycts4,God of War Platinum Avatars Pack code,"Yesterday I got the God of War platinum award email from Sony and redeemed the code to get the avatars, but for some weird reason, today I got the same email again, but with a different code. I just tested this new code and it's working. 


I'm posting the code here in the comments soon.",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_by62yb,Visuals in next God of War games,I'm really looking forward to the visuals of the next games imagine if they actually show Skoll and Hati catching the sun and the moon. I'm really excited for what they are going to show.,54,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bydezk,I finally beat GMGoW,"I did itttttttt! This was easily the hardest playthrough of a game I've done (I've done ng+7 DS3 and Bloodborne and platinumed both). I know comparing Soulsborne and this game is Apples and Oranges, but it means I'm no stranger to a challenge. Those dark elves in the room you put the unity stone really screwed me up, probably tied with the double traveler encounter for the hardest fight in the game for me. They could just blind me then one shot me very consistently. It was my first playthrough of God of War and it took me a full week of almost constant playing. 

I started a new game after almost giving up because of those two Dark Elf guys in the tyr room, put it on give me a story, and was dismayed when I killed a Dragur in actually 2 hits. I let another hit me and it did pretty much no damage. I got very bored very quickly because it was just me r*ping these poor undeads and I killed the stranger without taking any damage. 

I know this post was everywhere but as much as I feel that playing on this difficulty ruined the experience for me, playing on anything easier just was/is not fun. Oh well. I want to do NG+ but I'm debating on the difficulty because gmgow was an ordeal lol.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_by8tzn,Valkyries would kick the Aesir back to the living?,"This is less of a question and more of a confirmation.  


After you shove an axe half way into Magni's head Mimir comments on ""you killed a god and he didn't get back up."" Mimir then follows up with a half statement/thought on why the Valkyries didn't resurrect him. Based on that am I right in understanding the Valkyries were so bound to Odin that anytime one of the idiots died they would just bring them back? So by him corrupting them a preventing them from doing their job Odin was really the real reason Magni and Modi are dead and even Baldur for that matter.  


On a side note your soul get sorted before you go to Helheim or Valhalla and since Magni wouldn't be sorted (since you can't free Valkyries before this fight) doesn't that mean he's stuck in Helheim?",12,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_by9gzw,What happens when you try running off a cliff?,"Im developing a game, and want the movement to be similar as GoW, but youtubers aren't stupid enough to try my experiments. Do you guys know what happens?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_byduks,About Myollnir,"When do you think myollnir will be available as a weapon for kratos? In GOW5 or 6?

I really think it should be a thing as its mechanics are kinda similar to the Leviathan and lightning as a mechanic is already used by Atreus",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bydiz4,Deluxe edition Upgrade,"Hi i upraded my gow to deluxe edition to get the death's vow set but for some reason the set dont show to me, anyone have this problem and know how to solve??? 

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Srry for bad english writing from brazill!!!!! thanks for the patience guys",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_byclzb,What is the best path to go after beating the main story?,"Hello.

I jus't beat the main history and was thinking about conquering all the throphies in the game. The problem is I think I'm not in the right level yet to do whatever I want, like going after the valkyries.

You guys have any thoughts on what to do first to leveling up in a way that's more ""natural""?

I almost at level 6, leviathan axe at 4 and blade of chaos at 3.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxwpfa,Platinum Trophy,"I just got the platinum trophy yesterday and haven’t got an email with the avatar yet. Does anyone know if it takes a while?

Edit: Contacted PlayStation support and got the code. Thanks everyone for the feedback and tips.",190,public,
GodofWar,t3_by6c9v,Something I noticed about the secret ending.,Not sure if this is really obvious and been pointed out a million times. But when Kratos goes to sleep he still has Mimir attached to his belt. Meaning he slept on top of Mimir for however long before being awakened by Thor.,6,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_by5fur,I platinum the game 5 months ago...,"Can I still get my Platinum Avatars? From ON, Canada btw....",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxzkde,Thoryboard [oc],"[I'm looking forward to seeing Thor being the murderous fat dobber he's been built up to be. So I made some fan art of it.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-veBI_xVq24)

Music is Peaks Pass by Bear McCreary. The rest is me.",76,public,
GodofWar,t3_bybotm,Meteoric Slam and Thamurs Breath,Where do I get the material for these? I got through the first playthrough and by the end I still didn't have enough materials.,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_by6w3t,Summit Realm Rift Fight,"I beat the game, I cant seem to return to the Summit Realm Rift fight and it seems I may have missed my chance. Anyway to return post game?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_byc1u2,Not in the slightest am I disappointed with the story length but..,"After you dumb the ashes did anyone else expect to go on &amp; fight Oden or someone? 

I see they’re taking the opposite approach as they did with the other games",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_by1jou,Valkyrie Help,Having an issue with Valkyries that fly up and do the massive AoE weapon groundslam on GMGoW. Seems to be a one shot and I can’t seem to roll or get away from it quickly enough unless I’m far away from her when she casts. I’m told on lower difficulties it can be interrupted with Atreus’ shock arrow but doesn’t seem to be the case at this challenge level. Any help would be greatly appreciated! :),8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxxbfb,Zeus and Hephaestus,"I don't get Zeus's logic, shouldn't Kratos meant to get Pandora's Box and open it? Why did he vent his rage on Hephaestus?",9,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_by00h2,Difficulty,"So I was wondering: is the difficulty just that, a difficulty? Or does increasing it to something like “challenge” reward you? I know it’s an RPG and sometimes higher difficulties means better rewards or exclusive rewards. For instance in certain games, if you finish on the hardest difficulty, you get a “secret” cutscene at the end. 

I was wondering if that’s the case or is it just added difficulty for the sake of giving you a challenge? I killed Daudi Hamarr on “challenge” at level 2, then looked up the rewards and it seems nothing changed.",4,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bxmi39,Atreus bow upgrade appearances,"I saw a post awhile back that had the appearance of the Leviathan Axe and Blades of Chaos through their upgrades. Does anyone know if there's a similar album of the Talon Bow?

&amp;#x200B;

[https://www.reddit.com/r/GodofWar/comments/8rkgpk/screenshots\_of\_kratos\_main\_weapons\_for\_comparison/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/GodofWar/comments/8rkgpk/screenshots_of_kratos_main_weapons_for_comparison/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x)",148,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxo8af,Muspelheim Warm-Ups are the Best,"I've played through the game a couple times, and as much as I love the story and campaign I've grown a little weary of the pacing of combat being halted by plot or puzzles. I know that's not really a slight towards the game, as it's a gorgeous and gory journey -- I just keep coming back for the combat, but there was never enough to satiate me.

I would go to Muspelheim and do the grind for loot and thrills, but it became repetitive and unrewarding. Then, like the big doofus that I am, I only now realized the warm-ups Muspelheim trials are endless waves and you can enjoy long, meaty, bloody buffets of action.

I guess my irrelevant tip is get your sweet, sweet combat at your local Muspelheim.",56,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxbp7x,God Of War Book,I just finished the book which is as phenomenal as the game [audiobook version is read by Alistair Duncan aka Mimir] but the end of the book got me so hype because of the details that arent in the game for one reason or another . The Epilogue which in the game after you've gotten to Jotunheim and then you go back to your house and sleep the game ends with you seeing Thor. The book states that at that very moment Ragnorak has begun because Skoll and Hati have gotten the sun and moon. I'm probably late to the party with this but man I'm so hyped for the next game .,265,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bxo2br,Any tips for switching weapons for combos?,"Tiny bit of a spoiler if you guys haven't gotten to the second weapon yet. Be wary.

I'm on my second NG+, second time on GMGoW mode. I think of myself as skilled in using the individual weapons being the axe and the blades, and I feel comfortable switching between them depending on the enemies and their numbers. Switching between the axe and bare-handed for combos is pretty intuitive, but weaving between the axe and the blades mid-combo is something I never wrapped my head around. Any tips, or easy set ups to practice?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxpjmo,I just finished GoW for the first time and...,"I have a question. Right before Kratos and Atreus spread the mother’s ashes, Atreus was telling Kratos about the illustrations on the wall and how it is about his story. After that, without his son looking, Kratos lift up a cloth and it reveals another illustration. It has be something important but he didn’t tell his son about it.  I couldn’t catch the whole picture. I tried looking up about that but couldn’t find a thing. Anyone has a theory of it? Please enlighten me! Thanks.",2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bxk3b5,What happens if i buy god of war deluxe editon?,I own the standard one digital but i want the theme. What happens if i buy the deluxe one ?? Would that only give me theme and other stuff or duplicate game?,12,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxmevi,huldra brothers brand location on weapons,"Idk if I’m missing it, but I can’t find the dwarf brothers logo on either leviathan or mjolnir. I’ve looked at videos and pictures. Can anyone else see it or is it just not there? If they were trying to get their name out there I doubt they wouldn’t have branded them.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxlenl,Muspelheim Trial 4 How The Hell Do I Get To It ??,"Where is the start point, I just finished the 3rd trial and there is nowhere telling me where to go, can someone please help me ??",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxefmo,Gunnr tips please,"Hello. So found Gunnr in that giant’s corpse and after 2 hours of straight fighting, I can not kill her. I can get to 25% but then she destroys me. This would not be an issue, if we could have more than one resurrection stone on us at a time.",16,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxngfj,God of war games most to least favourite?,"Imo;

&amp;#x200B;

1. Gow3
2. Gow2
3. Gow1 and ghost of sparta equally
4. Chains of olympus

Havent played ascension or gow4 yet so not gonna rank those. Btw ı like all of the games, even ascension and gow4 which ı havent played yet.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxsqe1,Instead of Egypt,"It would be cool if they did Rome. The Roman God's are just different versions of the Greek gods and it would be interesting to see kratos interact with other version if his family.. 

Imagine kratos teaming up with Jupiter (roman Zeus) 

Mercury (Ares) as a ally.. 

imagine miverva (Athena) telling kratos that he looks familiar.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bx34zr,GMGOW fresh run. Not NG+,"Wow...every new encounter ends up killing me multiple times before I barely manage to beat it. I'm past the first Baldur fight and almost to the first encounter with the Black Smith. What a ride. I find this harder than both Bloodborne and Dark Souls. The combat is so fast and you can really only get hit once. The margin for error is very slim. Its very rewarding however because it forces you to literally use every single tool you have unlocked to that point ON TOP of thinking critically on how to dispatch each mob. While I enjoy this challenge I'm no sure how far I will go in the end. Perhaps after unlocking armor, more skills, and runic attacks will make mob kills easier. Right now even fighting three enemies is hard.

**EDIT** You guys are so encouraging. Thank you. I will definitely stick with it. I've played my fair share of difficult action-oriented third person games. God of Boi just happens to be one of the most current impressive ones on console. I feel the devs designed a truly great system here. Even though you go down quick it never feels 100% impossible. You know with enough patience, skill, and practice that you can overcome that next mob. It also helps that the game is just incredibly fun to control. Kratos also is surprizingly agile just by simply moving in all directions. Spacing is important!",159,public,
GodofWar,t3_bxb0j7,Kratos or Atreus main character in the future?,"Been lurking this sub sometimes since release, and I have seen quite a few of you guys wanting Atreus as the main character in one of the next games.. I just dont understand why?

Kratos is the god of war, the series is all about him, and if he dies permanently and Atreus takes the handle then personally I am done with the series..

And I mean, Atreus is Loki, so it is even possible it can end with Kratos having to kill him.
If it ends with Kratos death they should just end the series all togheter imo.",8,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bx7lpv,I never played GoW,"Like I sayed, I never played a single God of War game. But I would certainly like to. So my question is, are there any advantages if I play the series in chronological order? Or should I play it in the 'normal' order?",18,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwztd7,Just finished for the first time,"I have just completed my first run through of this game and what I mean by this is that I have completed all main story missions and been to the highest peak in all the realms. 

And OH MY GOD this game is amazing both visually in 4K and how all the characters interact with one another and the story itself was a blast. I can definitely see myself putting many more hours into it for sure and will be definitely completing the new game +. 

Just wanted to congratulate Santa Monica studios for their amazing creation that is God of War (God of Boy) and I can't wait for the next game.",97,public,
GodofWar,t3_bx75kz,Chain near lookout tower?,Hi its been driving me crazy there is an area next to the nornir chest(have to spin a trap to raise spikes to hit symbols)the lookout tower place in the lake of nine Right by the entrance to the foothills . The area is a ledge with a chain bundle on the top(one you would knock down) how do I get up to it ?,9,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bx5ynf,Any tips for fighting?,"I keep dying, I played the first part of the game (the learning part) ages ago, lost interest but now thought I’d give it another go and I’m really enjoying it. I just seem to be dying a lot in fights because I can’t really remember much. Sometimes when I’m fighting a big red ring comes up when an enemy is about to attack, is that just a dodge cue? How often should I use my shield etc etc?",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwr3le,GOW Movie Poster (Fan Made),"&amp;#x200B;

[This movie poster was done with photo mode and edited in Photoshop. Someone recommended me to repost this as it \\""flew under the radar\\"", so here it is.](https://i.redd.it/dlhztqs0fd231.png)",548,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwxa7n,"[SPOILERS] At birth, the runes foretold a needless death...","Not sure if this was covered before, but I've just noticed it so here goes:
When Atreus gets sick and Kratos comes back from Helheim with The Bridge Keeper's heart to help Freya heal him, Freya tells Kratos that she's had a son once and that it's been forever when she last saw him, she then says: ""at birth, the runes foretold a needless death..."" This was very interesting to me, since at the end of the game, Baldur dies but his death was in a way needless. Yes, he was about to kill Freya, but he didn't have to, nor did Kratos have to kill him, he had already defeated him, but he did it, breaking the cycle of hatred and telling Freya that ""he (Baldur) chose this"" and in doing so, fulfilling the runes' prophecy!

God of War will forever be an industry leading example for attention to detail amongst other things.",93,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bx1fby,"Is it possible to change difficulty to ""Give me God of War"" when going in NG+?","I want to do a playthrough on normal difficulty first, and then switch to Give me God of War in NG+.


Is it possible to do so?",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bx8cx3,Need some help with runes,"I had found some symbols on the map and also at the house of kratos and was just wondering what they meant because on Google the alphabet has words attached to them and some are just letters both of which lead to meaningless translations, hopefully I can attach a link here with a picture!",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bx1247,Preferred Axe pommel?,"Hi all

&amp;#x200B;

I'm using the secret pommel you get from the Musphelheim tower as it's stats are pretty insane (despite the wave at the end of an R1 combo being a bit underwhelming).

&amp;#x200B;

I'm in NG+, what are any of your preferences for other pommels?",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bx5t4g,"God Of War is a bit to ""hard""","So i am on my first play through, i am about 50 % through i think and i have noticed something, that the enemies are a bit unfair. So like you face an enemy that is the same level as you but has a purple health bar. You use your magic, Atreus and so on but it barely makes a dent in the dude. While two swings kills you instantly. Happens all the time. + They trow several enemies at you at once so i often find myself dodging all the time while letting Atreus shoot the enemies.

&amp;#x200B;

Also the revenants, they have to be the most annoying thing in the game. Always dodge my fists and just laughs while shooting poison. I fucking love the game but feels unfair sometimes.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bx4yju,High quality poster?,I’m looking for a high quality poster for the game. I really wanted the mondo one but I didn’t discover it until after it had been long sold out. Anyone know where I can find some good ones?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bx0iwb,Question,How to contact Sony to ask them about the new platinum avatars?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwzkxb,Eye of the Outer Realm Missing,"This is driving me crazy. It's not in the lost items section of the shop, and I finished the main story. Any ideas?

EDIT: I'm an idiot, it was on an old piece of equipment that that i took off. But Helheim is still showing a missing a missing artifact, i thought that was it but i can't find anything",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwzzpy,I have a question,I played god of war for the first time yesterday (ik late to the party) but now i wanted to continue but the game has been loading for over 10 minutes and its still not done?? Is this the normal loading time or is something corrupted?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwq2vi,Valkyries are a joke when using Zeus armour,"Even on the hardest difficulty, if using the Zeus armour you can utterly demolish the first eight Valkyries before they've even had a chance to fight back. [3 minute video](https://youtu.be/XHSub1mzqw0)

Edit: For those wondering, the Zeus armour set can only be unlocked in New Game Plus, by defeating the Valkyries. To unlock and fully upgrade it you pretty much need to complete the game twice. You will need to start a third run to use the set from the start.",49,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwnkm9,New move IDEA,"So i have this idea for a new attack.

When your axe is lodged in an enemy, you can knock them up into the air and then while they are flying up you pull out the axe slicing them in half. the idea being that the knock up is so strong that the thing you attack is flying up so fast that pulling your axe out would just slice in half.

Might not be the best explanation but i think it could be cool.",53,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwwjwu,Just finished the original trilogy - what next?,"As the title states, I just finished GOW 3 today after playing 1 again and 2 for the first time. I still have that itch for these games, so I came here to ask y’all if the other games are worth playing? I’ve played 2018 already, so that’s off the list. I’ve heard some poor things about ascension and not much at all about Chains of Olympus or Ghost of Sparta. 

Thoughts?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwxnmm,New game+ or start over?,"I bought the game when it came out and beat the story. I did about 1/2 the valkyries but nothing much else. I want to play through it again but after starting up my old save file, I just didnt remember how to play, so I started over. After playing again for a couple hours I got the hang of the game again. If I were to load up my old save, do i need to go through any of the content I havent done before moving onto new game+? I read a thing that I would need to complete ng+ twice in order to farm all the stuff needed to max out the best gear?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwfxgb,Got any stories to pass the time?,"Kratos:
There was a man I knew long ago, his stories were brief and purposeful.

Atreus:
Sounds... fun? Do you remember any?

Kratos:
Hm... there was one that concerned a Hare and a Tortoise.

Atreus:
Like the witches house?

Kratos:
Unlikely.

Atreus:
So what happens?

Kratos:
They wager on a race between them.

The Hare is too confident of victory, and foolish.

While the Tortoise is steady and disciplined.

The Tortoise wins.

Atreus:
You... haven’t told a lot of stories have you..",424,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwuifk,GOW new Platinum Avatar ??,"So I’ve got my platinum trophy like 6 months ago and never received any email regarding a “Platinum Avatar” and i just saw on Instagram that some people are receiving a new Platinum Avatar and i still haven’t got the old or new ones. 

Anyone had any idea if i can contact someone to get my Avatars? And if yes please tell me how .

PS: I am on the German store",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwpook,Just hit an impossible barrier at GOW 2's Titan difficulty...,"So I started playing GOW 2 again, and beat it only once to get the Titan mode on my new PS3, however, when I reached the battle in the skies, something odd happened. The purple orbs at the wind corridors are impossible to dodge, and I mean it. The first row is fine, just dodge normally to the left, up or down or whatever, but when I got past the ice cave, the second row of purple orbs of the bosses' phase 2 are impossible to dodge, now matter what I do, I may dodge one or two, but the third one ALWAYS knock me down of the Pegasus. I've tried most of what I could, I even tried to save my health on the fight so I could tank the orbs, but the third row hits me for 50% of my hp and STILL KNOCKS ME DOWN. I really don't know what i'm doing wrong, last time i started a Titan mode playthrough i got past the Barbarian King with ease, nothing like this happened, does anybody know what I could do about this? Do I need to restart my save?  
Update!: I restarted from my last saved point, got to that part again, and well, made it on my first try, it was bugged, but I'm glad it wasn't something worse like the entire savegame ruined by this bug, thanks to everyone that helped me!
Edit: Bug fixed and i just beat the game, and damn Zeus is tough.",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwxl28,So about athena,"in gow 4 we see her confronting kratos, my question is was that really athena or it was just in kratos's as an illusion?",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bwvz7e,Game glitch stopping getting Beneath the surface trophy,"Hey, i trying to finish the game in full but my game seems to have a glitch with the ruins of the Ancients. As you can see its still grayed out on the map but the dock and gate have been unlocked. This glitch seems to be stopping me from getting the Beneath the surface trophy. i made sure to go to every island to be sure and have updated the game to no luck. Can anyone help?
https://imgur.com/a/UmvySNA
edit to link of pics",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwvcnm,God of war 1 saving family,Can't save them for the life of me after 30 attempts on hard mode.,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwur7o,About Draugr on NG+ GMGOW,The fire explosion after hit on the draugr in NG+ is really annoying and an unfair mechanic. Even more annoying with Zeus armor,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwozaa,Wow,Just finished gmgow NG+. How the hell did they make this game so rewarding and have such a satisfying ending that keeps you wanting to know more it’s mad!,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bw8377,"Wow, you actually told a good story for once.","He was a soldier, a Spartan.

All Spartans are great warriors, we train from birth.
Our lives were discipline, duty, battle and death.
Life was grim and we greeted it grimly.

But Atreus of Sparta was unlike the rest of us.
He wore a smile even in the worst of times. 
He was happy.

He inspired us to hope, that though we were machines of war, yet there was humanity in us. Goodness.

When the day came for him to lay down his life in battle, his sacrifice saved countless others and turned the tide in our favour.

I carried him home on his shield and buried him with all the honours of spartan custom.
His memory was a comfort in dark times.",851,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwju2p,Old god of war platinum avatar code?,Anyone got an extra code for the god of war platinum avatar they were giving away months back? I never got the email :/,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwm34b,30fps 4k checkerboard or 60fps 1080p? (PS4 Pro),"I just started playing this game again after putting it down about halfway through a year ago due to a big move and just a lot of life changes, and wow I forgot how great this game truly was. I recently upgraded to a Samsung 4k HDR Q6F and the game looks beautiful. 

Anyway I used the performance mode while I had my 1080p set and I loved the 60ish fps but with the 4k set I think the game is gorgeous but having a little hard time transitioning back to 30fps. Probably will stick with it though.

Which do you gets prefer?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwsg33,Let Atreus commune with wolves.,"I don’t like having to kill wolves. They’re good boys. 

In the next game take advantage of Atreus’s language ability and extend it to being able to commune with the wolves and recruit them instead of me having to kill them. 

Then the wolves can accompany you for a while and help out with fights (but still don’t get hurt). 

Add a “pet wolf” button as well.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwktzi,Is there any way to make the text legible on PS4?,For real. I bought the game at launch and cant play it. Has anything changed through patches to where the menu and all that is legible?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwgd0i,Spoiler alert : final (question ),"Hello guys, I'm just asking and just want the answer in YES or NO.

Do we have another fight scene after the scene at Jotunheim? Do kratos will encouter another 'boss' after the story mode end?",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwgncl,Should I play a new game on hard mode or just skip to knew game +?,"I just beat the game on normal and want to play it again. I usually play games like this on a much harder difficulty, but Gmgot mode was way to difficult at first. This is my first gow ever and I played normal mode to get used to the controls now idk if I should play hard or just new game + on a harder difficulty. I am seriously torn. What should I do?",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwaxa4,“You only know one side of the story....”,"Kratos tells us this during the game when in Alfheim. Mimir tells us a lot of Thor and Odin and how they’re complete A Holes. But what if when we meet them we find out they’re not as bad as in the lore? It’s implied Thor killed his mom. Kratos also did this, but cause she turned into a monster. He was sad about it. What if Thor was the same in this regard? My point is it would complete my subvert expectations in a good way if they were different than we think they’ll be for the good of the story.",26,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwiddz,Difficulty absurd in the first few hours,"So just started the a New Game on Give me God of War Difficulty completed the game before on hard, some fights are very good and fair, but some take literally 50 retries before I can get miraculously through. I tried everything, but it seems that there is no good way to tackle fights, the first enemies that have guard break and the revenants are completely destroying me, how is it even possible to tackle 3 of them at the same time? Even if you manage to parry the other two enemies the revenant will get you eventually. Can't push them of the cliffs properly either. 

I love the game, but the difficulty doesn't work as I don't see a way to get through the first chapters without throwing spam and running around back and forth hoping the enemies will fuck up. What is the key to combat at this point ? I must be seriously missing something",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwg5eg,Best way to progress through GoW?,"I just started the game the other night and was hoping to find out the best way to progress through the game. I plan to 100% it and want to get the most out of it, without finding out spoilers. If anyone has any opinions on armor/collectibles/crafting that would yield the most satisfying play through, I’m all ears!",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwixvh,Grip of The Maze + (NG+ Bug??),"I need help trying to figure out if my Grip of the Maze + axe pommel in NG+ is bugged only on my end or if it’s a general NG+ bug. I’m a little OCD so I can’t let this go. Basically, I can’t get the perk to proc no matter how high my Luck stat is. The problem is only with the NG+ perfect version on the axe pommel. The non-perfect version (with lower stats) works fine. I like to use this pommel outside of Niflheim as the “Cleaning Fog” perk also regenerates some health and the regular Grip of Maze pommel seems to have a very high proc rate. 

I have completed multiple runs on GMGOW+ and have tested this on different save files and the Grip of the Maze + across all my saves just does not proc. 

If someone can test this on their end, it’ll be much appreciated.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwizfc,New creatures in dynamic theme?,"Look far behind and you see four flying creatures behind.

Now you would assume these are just birds or dragons but surely their leg shapes cannot be like that. I also noticed they have a silver type colour to their wings 

Out of all these, The one creature they resemble the most are the ones which Ares used to bound the blades of chaos to Kratos in God of war 1.

What do you see though?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwiuxj,I wanna rewatch the god of war series any good streamers any good streamers/YouTubers that have played it?,I need suggestions of youtubers that have played god of war and also who have played them in the past .thanks in advance.,0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bwmvt2,Kratos is bisexual and the Oracle of Athens is lesbian,https://twitter.com/davidscottjaffe/status/1135753779070943232?s=19,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwc9r3,Was there a Pact between Zeus and Odin to not overstep in eachothers terrority?,"We now know that the realms are only seperated geographically,  so why Zeus didnt go into Norse and take it over? or Vice versa with Odin? Did they make a deal not to overstep into each others realm? Now that the Greek Pantheon is empty will another realm now feel confident to take it over perhaps before they didnt think they could kill Zeus?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwjs8w,Do you think the Hot Coffee Minigame will ever make a return? :3,"There has been no Hot Coffee in God of War since Ascension... \^\_\^ &gt;!The Devs were planning on it but they thought it would be in Bad Taste since that game takes place around one Year after the Death of Kratos's Old Family and he is still Mourning them in there... !&lt;

&amp;#x200B;

And in the New God of War there is a Kiddo around so... Not really appropriate... \^\_\^ 

&amp;#x200B;

But do you think it will ever return? Or has the Series moved past it?&gt;! Would you like for it to return? :3!&lt;",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwf7s9,Would you still be interested in God of War if they removed Kratos from the Series and replaced him with another Protagonist?,"As some of you know by now there is a Prophecy in the end of the New God of War that implies Kratos is going to die... And Atreus is seen walking by himself after that...

&amp;#x200B;

Kratos seems to have gotten weaker due to Age as can be seen in some Scenes in the game...

&amp;#x200B;

Do you think the Devs may be planning to replace him with Atreus by any chance? And if they did would you still be interested in God of War?

&amp;#x200B;

I would regardless of what they do... I think it would be interesting to have a Video Game Series that started with the Father and then continued with the Son... \^\_\^

&amp;#x200B;

Also hi there! :) This is my First Post here... \^\_\^",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bvvwgd,Godzilla: KotM soundtrack was made by Bear McCeary (the guy behind the GoW 2018 soundtrack),"thought it’d be fun to point out, just watched the movie and there definitely was some tracks that wouldn’t have been lost in GoW.",459,public,
GodofWar,t3_bwecu6,SO I FINALLY PLAYED WITH THE BOY!,"God damn i have been hearing soo much about this game but could'nt play it cause i had a damn computer not a ps4, and who needs a puny ps4. My friend came to my house a week ago carrying his ps4 and forced me to sit down and play the game. And so i did expecting to be entertained for like an hour much like how i was with God of War Assension........... BUT BOY WAS I WRONG! Like seriously i have never been so wrong in my life BOY! And you know what i did, i went to amazon and bought a ps4 along with God of War that very day (probably because i had some savings left). I played the game, i recorded the game and i reviewed the game. All on my channel ACCEPTEDGUY, check it out!",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bw4yhs,Idea for maybe a next gen collection,because of the god of war series PlayStation exclusivity i think that games 1 through 3 should be either ported or remastered for the next generation. I think if they're going all out remaster they should do something like Kratos explaining his past to Atreus with some splices of dialogue during each game.,15,public,
GodofWar,t3_bw5cmq,Are the muspelheim armor sets worth getting?,"I already have the traveler's chest and waist pieces. For my gauntlet's I got Tyr's utility gauntlets. 

Are the Muspelheim armor sets worth grinding for? Or should I just stick with my traveler's set and wait until I can get the valkyrie's armor?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bw5414,Please help me hold on to the tiny hope that God Of War could be at E3,   I know I know it’s very unlikely that game could make an appearance at E3 but.... is there any argument that could be made that it could? Maybe a teaser saying production is on its way??? The only reason I bought this game was to understand why RDR2 didn’t win GOTY. Oh my .....while in the first hour I understood why!!! This game is such an experience and Corey Barlog’s directing transcends the video game genre!,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvy7zc,Why was Mimir not able to tell who Kratos was immediately?,"He obviously knows the tale of the Ghost of Sparta, and with that comes information about Kratos, including his most iconic features, those being his white skin and red tattoos. Mimir only pieces it together after learning Kratos’s father was Zeus, despite there being some massive indicators of his past (the blades, Kratos’s appearance, Athena) beforehand. Is this ever elaborated upon in the novel? If not, does anyone have any possible explanations for this?",6,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bvnryr,Freya's sword,"Freya's sword is super cool looking, but I was confused when I saw her constantly carrying it since she's pacifist, do you guys think it was intentionally shown to us because it'll be wielded against us in the next game by the true Valkyrie queen? Or do you think it was just a random little detail thrown in with no meaning?

I hope we see it drawn, it looks like it might be katana-esque since the sheath indicates it's one edged and the hilt is oval with a small guard. Doubt it's actually a katana though since Japan was acknowledged in game",185,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bvwjl9,Platinum Rewards,"Any tips on how to get the platiunum rewards ? im usually a PC player but god of war and rdr2 is the reason i got a ps4, i got platinum on GoW late april this year, and i read here that some people got a code on email and can claim the platinum reward, i didnt have my email thing activated for ps4 i didnt even know you could. Anyone know how to get the code? ive tried tweeting to @askplaystation, no response. Also the chat on they're customer support isnt working.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvrw69,give me god of war,"ok i tried give me god of war...








what the fuck",46,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvyd0d,Question/issue about niflheim ciphers,So I got side tracked from the story while chasing down all the ciphers for the trophy and I opened one of the purple chests and didn’t receive a cipher (I got some random enchantments). I checked online to see if anyone else had this issue or if there was a fix and couldn’t find a fix. Is there a way to get all the ciphers with this issue or am I screwed with this playthrough?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvhri2,Bear McCreary is a legend.,"Till this day after the game has been released for a year, I still listen to the soundtrack of the game, and it can still bring me back to every journey of the game. Bear McCreary’s soundtrack tightens the relationship and the emotions the player feels with Kratos and Atreus.",423,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvr7li,Just how bloody is God of War 4?,"I’m turning 15 and was wondering if I could get it soon, in a somewhat flexibly strict household.",17,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvt254,Otr Imprisonment Glitch,So I destroyed the three dunes but one of the symbols is still lit up. How do you fix this?,8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bw08et,My theory for God of War 5,"I have a theory that the next game will start with a fight with Thor where Thor places his hammer on Kratos while he kills Loki as he causes Ragnarok. 

Kratos will then travel to Hel pulling Loki out of Hel where he can meet Hela and he is warned that people don’t come back the same Kratos ignores her and takes Loki back. On there way back they get attacked by Freya and fight across 8 realms but not Asgard and they end their fight in the realm of the Valkyries where Kratos rips of her Freya’s wings but keeps her alive.

 Atreus and Kratos then have to escape back to Midgard and as they get back to the lake of the nine heimdal appears and try’s to kill Atreus/ Loki and he dies but Loki’s eyes are injured in the fight. Before his death heimdal blows his horns with his last breath signaling he start of Ragnarok. Kratos hunts down Freya and makes her help him save Loki’s eyes and give him back his vision she sees the love in which Kratos shows for Atreus and she helps. However the more magic used on Atreus corrupts him more and he wishes to take vengeance on the Aesir Kratos tries to stop him and they have a small fight but Atreus escapes. Kratos with the help of Freya hunts down Atreus, while Atreus returns to Hel and asks Hela to bring an army of the dead to attack Asgard, Hela accepts. Kratos and Freya catch up to Atreus in Midgard where Kratos warns him not to go through with this but when Atreus ignores  Kratos pled Kratos decides to stand with his son. 

They travel to the realm of the dwarfs to get an item they lets them travel to Asgard and when they returns they come across Odin Thor and an army at the bridge of Tyr. Freya then betrays them and is given new wings and a big fight ensues in which the world serpent dies. But Kratos destroys Thor’s hammer using the axe but the axe is destroyed in the process. Atreus kills Freya for betraying them.

 Odin flees to Asgard where Kratos and Atreus team up to fight Odin and Atreus kills Odin similar to the way Kratos kills Zeus. This opens Kratos’ eyes to what he has become and Atreus and Kratos fight one last time. Soon the world serpent in thrown up out of Atreus’ mouth and he grows big quickly and Thor returns where he fights the world serpent knocking him back in time and Thor delivers a fatal blow to kratos and Atreus kills Thor. Atreus cradles kratos similar to the painting at the end of this game and Atreus leaves travelling to a new world. Hopefully Egypt.  
 

Sorry if this is long haha 
EDIT: I know this has turned out more like a fan fiction now but I still like it 
Edit 2: I don’t know how I’ll fit it in but I’d love to see Atreus call the leviathan axe to himself at a point maybe in the first fight with Thor",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bvrgxh,Raising Kratos,Does anyone know if it’s any good? It’s been on my recommendations for a day or two but I haven’t watched it yet,9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvows0,God of War - Gameplay and Abilities Sound Redesign,"I'm a Sound Designer who loves God of War, so I thought I'd try my hand at redesigning some of the sounds in the game's gameplay, as well as some abilities.   


[Let me know what you think!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gV04m9L748)",20,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvkh5x,Is Cory Barlog gonna direct GoW 5 too?,"I feel like this man's enthusiasm  and dedication was one of, if not, the biggest reasons made the game as succesful as it is. After watching Raising Kratos i felt like he is truly the heart of God of War. One thing that impressed me was how he called out that one guy who tried to ""trick"" him because the pause menu wasn't really done and he tried to convince Cory that skipping animation was already there, even tho he didn't show him when Cory insisted. I felt like he kept pushing people just like that during the whole project so they didn't half-ass anything and approached the whole thing with great care.

I checked his twitter after watching the doc like i just said, and in a part of his twitter bio it says ""Tired. Finally done with the game."" so it left me a little worried about the future of the franchise. GoW 3 was fantastic and a great end to the first era of the story but at that time i remember i felt like it was a little step down from GoW 2 and didn't know the reason until last year when i saw Cory Barlog interviews. Maybe i am exaggerating but that is what i feel like, and i wanted to share it with you guys in this sub because if anywhere on the internet i can find people who also love God of War, it is probably here.

So in short, is there any confirmation or deconfirmation of Cory Barlog in next God of War project?",50,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvpcpt,"Need help with the legendary grip of tanngoist, the axe pommel.","I am done with the story but I’ve never gotten the grip or the “fist of Thor”, how do I get it I really need help with this please help.",12,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvnsjs,Can you farm muspelhein materials?,"And if i fully upgrade a muspelheim armor, will i still have enough materials for other armour sets?

I have seen alot of people who say that you should keep the materials from muspelheim",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvmx6a,Jörmungandr and Cronos,"Hi there all,

&amp;#x200B;

I'd like to ask since I've been doing a lot of research about God of War characters and there are a lot of sources stating that  Jörmungandr and Cronus are related? Or is it because they already assume that Atreus (Loki) is the father of Jörmungandr? (Due to Norse Mythology origins)",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvs84m,Is Kratos the most underrated God?,"Greetings all :))

I was as usual doing a farming re-run on Plus +, and I was at the point where Freya brought back Thamur during the Baldur fight, when it stroke me: 

Kratos is the most nerfed ""God"" as crazy this might sound.  

What I mean by that:  
Kratos has no special God like powers other his supernatural strength which ties him at a Heracles level.   

He is not omnipotent, omnipresent, can't travel in time on demand, can't create life, bring back to life others, he doesn't have any magic or can practice spells, does not have gear-free abilities like Zeus, Hera, Athena, Hades, Odin, Freya, etc. 

Yes, he has cunning, intellect, very strong will, etc., but all those are characters and personalities traits.  

Wouldn't be interesting if he had some more Godly traits?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvmtrx,"Reluctantly tried GMGoW again, but love it!","So, I have beaten God of War somewhere around 10 or so times with my son. We started balanced experience, then give me a challenge. One time a few play throughs ago, we attempted GMGoW, but gave up on Alfheim due to dying all the time. Well we started playing through on GMGoW again and refusing to give up, we are on the part where you flip the temple. At first on the highest difficulty it wasn’t all that fun, but now I’m 100% addicted. What are some tips and tricks, armor builds, talismans, enchantments that you all use? When you go into a crowd of enemies, what type of strategy do you use? I’m actually quite nervous about the Jotunheim tower elevator thing. That has always been a beast for me.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvfi39,Is it ok to brag out of joy?,"Hello everybody :))

I do not have anything *important* to say, but I would like to share my joy for something:
 
After ca. 30 years of gaming, its the first time **ever** that I competed a game to a perfect 100% on its hardest difficulty.   

Every map, goal, mission, quest, side or main, Easter Egg, top gear, statistical/numerical feat, and achievement for God of War is completed :D 

I know that this is not WoW when it comes to achievement accomplishment, but still, first time to complete a game to its absolute 100%.  

I have to admit that this was a Plus + run, ergo I was very well geared up, that makes it significantly easier than a regular **gmGoW** run, but nevertheless!

That's it, just wanted to share this with you guys, because I know that all of us here really love this game.


PS: I was at Muspelheim earlier this day doing the Impossible Trials, and I was at this round where you gotta take down 20 enemies, when things started to get heated up.   
I was at the limit, when the huge Orcs came, which I eventually took down, and when I saw that the counter went down only by one, I imagined poor Gimmly from Lord of the Rings telling me ""That still counts as one!"" 😂

Greetings to all, be well.",50,public,
GodofWar,t3_bv8tvl,I need to interview someone who remembers a lot about Zeus in these games.,"Hello, I'm a college student who is currently writing a paper on modern depictions of Zeus and how they differ from ancient depictions, and I'd like to include a video game. God of War is an obvious choice for this, as I know he's the main villain of one of the games, but I honestly know next to nothing about these games beyond that you're a tragic hero killing gods.

I figure some of ya'll probably know a ton about his depiction in these games, so I'd like to interview one or more of you to get a summary of how he acts, his personality, his goals, his failings, etc.",247,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvita0,Kratos scars,"At the start of the game you see the big man himself fight Balfour and then on his walk back after leaning in the axe for support do something to fully heal himself he also did this mid fight with Balfour at the halfway point I think if this is the case why does he have scars and what are they from I don’t know what the one on his eye is but the one across his chest is obviously the blade of Olympus stabbing him
Can it not heal because it was a god forged weapon? And why haven’t the brandings from the chaos blades healed, Same reason as the blade??",7,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bvif04,Ivaldi's pauldron of deadly mist,Why oh why is the red (NG+) version of this item not the same as the awesome looking yellow version?!,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvkwwk,Odins Ravens,If you miss any of the Ravens can you go back to find them after you beat the game?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvg7o3,What do you think will ultimately be Kratos' arc throughout the upcoming games?,"Right now he's in a regretful state believing himself to be a bloodthirsty monster but I think he'll have an arc like Bruce Banner where he realizes that while his rage has gotten out of control in the past and hurt people, he doesn't have to completely suppress it and it can be a necessary evil in some scenarios. 

I think a great moment of development could be if he visits Greece and sees it in a prosperous state now that mankind no longer has to live under the rule of that pantheon. He killed a lot of people but his actions in the previous games still probably had a net positive effect in the long term. And even now, he really only uses his rage whenever Atreus is directly threatened which is far more of a paternal instinct than savage bloodlust.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bveh8v,Pagan thoughts on God of War?,"Are there any 100% legit pagans (preferably those who believe in the Norse pantheon) that would want to weigh in on their thoughts of the portrayal of the Norse gods in GoW?

This came to mind because Thor in GoW is generally portrayed as a bad dude, where as in Amon Amarth’s song Twilight of the Thunder God calls him the “protector of mankind”. Which is more accurate to you? And if you disagree with the portrayal of any of the gods in GoW, do you take offense to it as well? Just curious about your thoughts.",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvh5fk,I have bugs and cant 100%,"Ok so basically this is the first game ive really gotten into and was collecting everything for that sweet platinum trophy.  I went about and collected all of the artifacts and such, but i noticed that 3 in particular were marked as not collected

These being artifact 3 of the mountains and 5 and  6 of alfheim collected on the shores.  I know for a fact i collected them, and even went back to double check and sure enough they werent there anymore.  However they are marked as uncollected, and this prevents me from getting a trophy. 

Anyways i was wondering if anyone else encountered a similar issue and if anyone here would be kind enough to help me out",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvd72m,What is that NPC on the right in the E3 reveal demo ?,"Ok so after Kratos is fighting those Draugr at the beginning, there's an NPC on the right that runs outside the screen, to the right. Who or what is that on minute 8:13 ?!

[\[OWG\] - Reaction to God of War Playstation Press Conference E3 2016](https://youtu.be/NItz7wyQ_Js?t=494)

&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/xr45jzer7m131.jpg",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvb7xe,Post-GoW depression/void,"I just finished the game this week (I know I know, I'm way late), and I've realized there is a sizeable void that finishing the game left me with. I've started reading Norse Mythology by Gaiman wrote, and while it's scratching the itch, I still need more. What other forms of media did y'all use to fill that GoW sized hole in your lives?",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvp738,Any particular reason I can’t get into god of war?,I love rpg’s but this game just doesn’t seem all that great to me. I’ve tried multiple times to complete the game only to uninstall it again for the 3rd time.,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvd2kb,Think this means anything?,https://i.imgur.com/efwjvnR.jpg,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_buy4ee,"I just killed Hildr by mistake, first time facing her","I finished the game last week and have been collecting, farming and completing stuff since. Once I finished the Muspelheim (Göndul was my first Valkyrie kill, only ever started one encounter before with another one, and safe to say I quickly concluded that I was not ready for the Valkyrie lol) trials I started with Niflheim.

Do I've opened all chests in the center, have a full set of ivaldis deadly mist, and have opened  of the tears. I was googling where to find the next anchor, as I haven't found it in a while, and what I found just told me to search the outer rooms. So I went to the Valkyrie area with around 8k mists, and accidentally started the fight (wasn't even looking at her!) and I was like, there go them mists, rip in pieces..

The fight was going quite well and I was downing here health quite rapidly. With my hp in the red, I weirdly got her on the first try, and was extatic! I had several times before been thinking, how can I ever kill a Valkyrie in the mist? Those run ups will SUCK.

Rushing with adrenaline and dopamin, I progressed the run, collecting 10k mists, only to die to the traps for the first time ever. Lololoo

I still havent found the anchors, ha!",428,public,
GodofWar,t3_bv8vz4,Another avatar gift for platinum holders,"Just got an email, if you have platinum you get some avatars.",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvcjgt,How long was God of Wars actual development cycle?,"I read that it started in 2014 but 4 years seems pretty short for a game of this caliber.  

&amp;#x200B;

Did the game get re-scrapped at one point? I recall SSM nearly shuttng down",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bv7dcb,New Game Plus question/discussion,"Hey fellow Midgardians,

I finished GoW a while ago and was thinking of going back and starting up a NG+ ... thoughts? Specifically, for those that did are they glad? What did they get out of the experience? Any tips or suggestions for someone starting over about a year after they finished it? Would love to hear any and all thoughts, advice, etc.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvb7r1,I grinded for a couple days and finally obtained Sindri’s Dwarven armor set...😁,Can’t tell you how stoked I am and how much I like the look. Definitely worth it!,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bv6uax,Anyone Beat NG+ With The Default Exile Armor?,Trying to beat NG+ with just the lvl1 exile armor we're given. I'm stuck on the time limit rising stage near Thamur. Anyone have any videos on how to beat this?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvayyj,What new weapons do you think Kratos and Atreus will have?,Old weapons from GoW 3 or brand new weapons/skills?,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bva8kk,No God of War @ E3 right ?,"Correct me if i'm wrong i'm a bit out of the loop here, but since there's no conference from Sony, Santa Monica can't announce a game elsewhere during the show right?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bvar6f,"If Kratos dies in the next game, how do think he will die?","Will it be Odin, Thor, Freya, etc?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bus9xs,"Skill points, spend or save?","So im on my first playthrough and my skills ive put into bow and rage. I haven't put any into the axe as I got a funny feeling another weapon might show up.

should I spend points on axe skills? or will I need to keep them if/when I get another weapon.

Many thanks",120,public,
GodofWar,t3_bv38tb,"What's the soundtrack that comes when we approach Valkyries to fight, the long trumpet noise I mean when they land on thier feet.","Checked Valkyries ost wasn't in there

https://youtu.be/EUoOc9Ev30E
Music At the start when Valkyrie wakes up",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bunjxn,Valkyrie Queen,Any suggestions on how to beat the Valkyrie queen? I’ve been stuck on her for 3 days and been bashing my head against the wall because I can’t beat her,133,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_buw4bc,Mimir,"At the end of the game after returning from Jotunheim, you find Mimir on the floor who tells you the Huldra brothers took odd measurements of him and then left him there while arguing about the winter. The rest of the game you'll usually catch Brock and Sindri asking themselves what they wanted to tell you.

Do you think it's possible that thanks to the Huldra brothers Mimir may have a mechanical body in the next game? Dwarves, let alone the Huldra brothers, are capable of some feats unmatched by any other, and oftentimes use magic. It's just a theory since I've not heard them talk about what they wanted to say to you, and the measurements was just a passing statement by Mimir and never touched on again.",8,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_buyv6c,What is atreus' hairstyle called?,Been seeing it in different games and I kinda want it.   Love the pagan/tribal  look,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bv0m8h,Best gear for the best stats before NG+?,"So I've beaten the game on GMGOW and completed both Musphiem and Niflheim (forgive my spelling) and I want to start my NG+ so I've been grinding out those two final areas to fully level up the Valkyrie armor to make their queen beatable and then start my NG+... but its occurred to me that I'm assuming the valkyrie gear is the best gear to start NG+ on GMGOW difficulty and it may not be. Combined with my my Pommels and enchantments I would like to set myself up to have the highest possible all around for NG+ and the Valkyrie. I tried to research it but everything seems to just surround Armor you'll get in NG+ and not prior.

tl:dr, What combination of armor, enchantments, pommels, etc. Will get my stats as high as they can be before NG+

(If there is like a build resource somewhere I'd be more than happy to be directed to it, I just haven't found onel",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bv01ox,Health glitch,Are there times where you know you just got 100% health and after like a minute or 2 of doing nothing you lose like 2-5 % of your health and you haven’t even got into a fight??,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_buz5l7,How do I maximize the switch stance for the blades with dodging?,I can never get the dodge timing right. It always cancels the combo and makes me start over again. Is there a specific move I have to dodge on?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_buyx04,Should I start new game+,Just finished what’s an absolutely amazing game and thinking should I start new game+ or finish all the extras? (side missions go to other realms etc),1,public,
GodofWar,t3_buoda0,Light Elf Statues Near the Woods,"I assume this has been brought up before since the game has been out for a while now, but I also used did a quick search and didn't find anything so I imagine it's not hugely common knowledge (or maybe it's just obvious or not that interesting...). If so then just downvote away I guess. 

Anyway, I fancied another playthrough because why wouldn't I? And I noticed that just after you meet Brok and perform the first ""sand rune"" puzzle thing, there's actually a [couple of Light Elf statues](https://imgur.com/a/TWOydV1) either side of it. 

According to Atreus, their war kept them isolated...

&gt;“Did your mother speak of this realm?”

&gt;“Not much. Just that since the Elves were always fighting over the Light, it kept them isolated”

...so I found it quite interesting that they'd have a statue so far outside Alfheim. Does anyone have any sort of insight as to why they might be there?",20,public,
GodofWar,t3_buqdfb,Serpent,Quick question... Who the hell called The World Serpent when you took B O Y to Freya?,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_buwpal,Do you think?,He will grow his beard back? After shaving for that OG Epicness in the prologue next game obvs,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_buty46,new game plus gmog,is it possible to beat the game at level 5 on gmog diff?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_buerlf,Defeat 100 enemies,"I had a lot of fun completing this trial using the Zeus armour on GMGOW+. [Video](https://youtu.be/T7K4shVG6bg) is around 14 minutes long, but there must have been at least 20 attempts before.",200,public,
GodofWar,t3_bui2mf,How does the solar system in each mythology work?,"For example Helios was the sun in the Greek pantheon and once we killed him the sun was blotted out. But Ragnarok starts once skoll and hati catch the sun and moon, so does the sun stop moving for the other pantheons as well? And Mimir mentioned Ginnungagap which means the great void or something where all life emerged from, but I highly doubt the the Greek gods like Zeus came from Ymir. So was there just a void in the Norse area? Similarly, Freya explained about the Yggdrasil and how all life is connected to it and returns to it but again I don't know if that's just for the Norse areas or the whole world. The more I think about it the more confusing it is and the less likely that all the Pantheons are just seperated by land and geography",26,public,
GodofWar,t3_bufemc,Don't play KH3 after beating this game,you will not survive the cutscenes,36,public,
GodofWar,t3_buq968,Help me!,I enter Tyr’s vault and Aterus wants me to learn script in the sandbowl. Modi comes down and keeps killing me. How do I make this not happen?,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu1sti,Secret Baldur takedown,"When you fight Baldur for the second time and end up in Helheim. You see him looking at himself and his mother argueing. So when the they’re done, Baldur will start crying. If you grab that burial chest next to baldur, you can’t hit him cause of a wall, but atreus can and will hit him. So I shot Baldur through the wall a few times and he got knocked back and fell in the ocean in Helheim. He’s literally gone.

Edit: sorry that I forgot the link. Here it is: 
https://youtu.be/PoDuzmSRUa8
As for the questions. The game did crash when I walked away, but the second time it worked. And Baldur is still gone. Furthermore, I’m pretty certain he will return no problems or something. But if there is something I’ll make a post about it.

Edit 2: So, just completed the game. Man this game is amazing. Sadly nothing out of the ordinary involving the last fight with Baldur. I like to think he fell in the water in Helheim, and swam all the way back to Midgard just to reappear out of the water before the fight. Thanks for all the upvotes and comments. Cheers.",742,public,
GodofWar,t3_bud6hf,Ravens Issue?,I've noticed a few Ravens I'm hitting don't break for credit.  My ax just ricochets off. Do you need better weapons for some of these?,18,public,
GodofWar,t3_buj2on,When to start NG+?,"Hey everyone! First post in this sub. 

So, I’ve been stuck on Sigrun for a long time on my first play through, which is A Balanced Experience. Sigrun is the only thing left for me to beat. I really would like to beat her, but it’s beginning to feel impossible with my current setup. Is it detrimental if I start a NG+ to get better gear? Or maybe someone could help me with the best setup of gear from the first play through to beat her?

Thanks in advance everyone. :-)",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bukg77,Favorite GOW weapon? aside from the chained blades and Leviathan Axe,"For me, it's the Claws of Hades",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_buc8hs,Give me God of War difficulty is insane,"I don't know what to say.  Other than it's not hard necessarily, just absurd.  It straight up punishes aggressive gameplay and turns you into a parrying/rolling machine, where you wish you had more fingers to manage all the crazy button presses and keeping enemies offguard with Atreus.  I'm about 1/4 way through and so far Nightmares are the worst if you can't get them dead before they ""possess"" an enemy.  Currently stuck at  Daudi Hamarr and thinking of putting it down.  Any pointers would be great.

&amp;#x200B;

UPDATE: Just beat the troll.  I'm told he's not necessarily designed to be a level one fight, ergo my trouble killing him.  So, I did it anyway.",16,public,
GodofWar,t3_buo1e8,new video,[https://youtu.be/XGxbjcuKaIU](https://youtu.be/XGxbjcuKaIU),0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu6d52,Concept Art from God of War,"Husband works as a senior concept artist on God Of War! He's been posting concept work he's done on his instagram, i'm so proud of him, and i want him to know all your support for the game! show him your love! [https://www.instagram.com/abetaraky/](https://www.instagram.com/abetaraky/)",37,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu9yo3,"PSA: Travelers breastplate makes Muspilheim ""Don't get hit"" trials WAY easier.","I was getting extremely frustrated trying to beat the first and also final trial of the second run through. That breastplate will make sure you can take at least one hit. The first time I equipped it, I ended up beating it with points to spare.",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu53nu,kratos advice helps a lot,"idc what anybody says. you can always get your inspiration from someone, and kratos happens to be that person. 

man FINALLY came up from battling his demons and is rekindling the light of what it’s like to love and be loved. also understanding that it’s not only about what affects you, but others etc. 

he’s wise and whoops ass

and is fine. 

i’m a girl.",31,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu00hb,Kratos' bloodlust and rage nicely mirrors the player's,"I haven't even played the game (I unfortunately don't have enough for a next-gen console) but it looks amazing. 

And even just from watching playthroughs, it's incredibly satisfying in moments when Kratos beats down hardy opponents, like bosses, or has those really brutal moments when he just wails on Baldur over and over again (specifically the quick-time events like the fight on top of the dragon). You'd think this would be hard to watch as he really goes for it, but because Baldur is such an annoyance you're sitting there rooting for Kratos as he beats the ever-living shit out of his enemies. 

This nicely mirrors Kratos' own rage and justification of such violence; it's only after the heat of the moment that you as the player sit back and go ""Damn, maybe that was harsh of me after all"". 

It's all sort of like what Egoraptor talks about in his Sequelitis on The Legend of Zelda. You want to obtain the Master Sword because it's literally more powerful at doing what you're playing the game to do (defeat evil) but also because the character needs to obtain it.

Just thought it was a really interesting parallel in GoW4, I love when the real-world motivations of the player to mechanically play the game actually tie into the tone, atmosphere or characterisation.",72,public,
GodofWar,t3_btu4yo,There’s only one weatherman I trust.,His name is Brok’s Scrote.,334,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu6df6,Something that's always bothered me.,"When your on top of the mountain overlooking the lake, why is it way off to the right? The map shows it to be on the other side of the mountain, and on top of that your home is to the left of the mountain far away from the lake not matching the in game map at all. Its just such a weird mistake just so we can have a view of the lake.  By the way it's laid out from the view, Freyas house is miles from the lake, which isn't the case. I'll try to get screenshots later.


EDIT: for some reason the view is much more cloudy endgame so I tired to use filters that made it easier to see. If anyone has better screenshots feel free to share!

https://imgur.com/gallery/18AFRn9",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_buf1op,Sunday Monday...,"And...


Tyrsday
(W)odinsday
Thorsday
Friggasday

Just in case you didn't know",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu7g07,What new abilities do you guys think Atreus will have?,Without him I would have never been able to kill Sigrun(on normal)😂,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bua39f,So I guess I''m just underleveled and I don't really know how to fix it.,"Currently at ""The Light of Alfheim"" mission and the majority of enemies are level 3, while I'm only 3/4 of the way to level 2. I've spent all of my resources and XP so I'm not really sure how I'm supposed to fix this. Help's appreciated.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu9gok,Another question about NG+,"So what carries over from the first play through? Let’s say I finish the story mode before I defeat the Valkyrie, or do a solid run through Muspelheim; do I lose everything I earned post-story when I start NG+? Do I only keep the abilities and equipment I earned before concluding the story? Or do I get everything I earned up until the moment I start a new NG+ game?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu0et1,Just finished GOW 1 where to next?,"Hello friends. 

I just finished GOW1 and am trying to decide where to go from here. 

I originally planned on playing the newest game without playing the originals so I watched a recap video of the entire series so I know basically everything that happens. But then later I decided to play through all the games first. 

But I’m having trouble deciding what order lol.

From what I understand ascension spoils the first game, I am not sure if it spoils the others but I’ve already watched a recap video so I guess it doesn’t matter too much. Its just the first game in the timeline .

Then I was thinking either go timeline order, starting with ascension, or playing ghost of Sparta next because it’s after GoW 1 or go to GoW2..

Thanks for responses.",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu7wg8,Question are there two Kratos now?,Remember at the end of god of war 2 how kratos saves himself from Zeus but didn’t save himself the first time when you are killed by Zeus so are there now two kratos out there what has the other kratos been doing all this time I doubt he died with the realm if the main kratos can survive and end up in the Norse mythology i really enjoy the idea of the kratos that we save ending up as Odin and the giants being the humans that were still alive at the end of god of war 3 what are some thoughts about what might be next for god of war ?,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu7wa8,"Just bought this, looking for advice.","Like many born in the early 90s, I have been playing video games most of my life.  I enjoyed many genres and differently stylized games, up until my friends convinced me to give dark souls an actual chance. I genuinely feel like From has spoiled me.  Every game outside of the soulsborne series and sekiro (I made a 214 minute video essay on why BB is a masterpiece in college; Sekiro being a close second favorite) has left me significantly wanting.

I really want to give GOW a fair chance after hearing so many good things from various sources.  Does anyone have any tips for how best to enjoy GOW from the perspective of a cynical, stubborn souls fan?  Thank you in advance for any advice or opinions.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_btlvix,Thor is a mirror of Kratos...,"I’m convinced Thor is going to be young Kratos. Kills everything in his path for no reason, even innocence.  Like that spirit who wanted us to destroy the statue, he said Thor showed up and killed his mom at the funeral of his dad. Kratos killed many innocence back in the day. Like the slave girl in GOW3 who got killed by  the door crank collapsing. Or even random people you can kill in GOW 1 and 2. Really puts it in perspective that Kratos was a monster just like Thor. Kratos was a slave and the champion of Olympus. Thor is willingly, the champion of Asgard. However, the Olympians feared Kratos because of his destruction to innocent towns as god of war, Zeus then killed him thinking that he would try to kill him, a threat. Kratos wanted nothing to do with ruling Olympus. Odin and Thor however are different. Thor murders giants and everyone else  at the behest of Odin. No fear of power struggle. Had Kratos continued to serve the Olympians until his old age like in this game, thats the kind of Thor were gonna see. A character who’s pure rage and does whatever the Aesir ask of him for their glory. Thor is a mirror of who Kratos used to be and I think that will be the scarier part for Kratos. We will delve deeper into Kratos’ past in the next game for sure.",535,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu59f8,Goals Completion Glitch for Crafting Weapons Max Upgrade?,"So I've Prestiged the game in terms of trophies unlocked but I was going through the Goals just for my own sake. Even though I think I've max upgraded my Leviathan (lvl 6) and my Blades of Chaos (lvl 5), when I go over to Goals in the menu it says the following:

&amp;#x200B;

Under **Labors &gt; Crafting &gt;** ***Chaos and Configuration -*** *Blades of Chaos Upgraded: 3 of 4* and *Chaos Flames Collected: 3 of 4*

Under **Labors &gt; Crafting &gt; Leviathan Awakens -** *Leviathan Upgraded: 5 of 5* and *Frozen Flames Collected: 4 of 5*

&amp;#x200B;

I've watched tutorial videos on where to find Chaos Flames and Frozen Flames and it looks like I've found every single one (including the Valkyrie item I had to trade in for a Chaos Flame). Plus, since I received the prestige trophy for the game, I'm assuming I did actually max out both blade and axe. Is this a glitch? Has anybody else encountered this error?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_btukjo,What are the 5 bosses you will be expecting to fight in the next God of War?,"Unpopular opinion but I don't think Freya will be one of them. Thor vs Kratos and/or Atreus will be amazing as well as Odin, but I can't think of anymore at the moment.",17,public,
GodofWar,t3_btl1yk,Runic Cancelling.,"It's amazing the replay value this game has. A YouTube channel called GBG, who's insanely good at this game, just posted a few days ago how to cancel runic attacks. If you're trying to complete the Muspelheim trails on GMGOW mode and are looking to get the best times...this is how to do it. For me my biggest feat has to been to beat the game on GMGOW without upgrading or getting new attacks. Basically this post was just for appreciation of this game and anticipation for the next one. I'm glad I found this Reddit page.",105,public,
GodofWar,t3_btxgmh,What armor set should I use to get the Mist armor or the Muspelheim armor,"So I considering getting the Traveler set or the Dwarven set. Traveler seems easier to upgrade but the dwarven set can be upgraded to lvl 7. What do you guys recommend? Traveler or Dwarven? (I want to go to Nilfheim and not face all purple enemies since im lvl 5, i completed the main story btw) or should i get the muspelheim armor and get it to 6?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_btw5ml,Dwarven Inquiry,"So like are Brok and Sindri some sort of outcasts for making Thor's hammer? 

It is a safe bet to say that the Dwarves are mostly blacksmiths(assuming that is the right word), does that mean their specific creation is looked down upon? We know that Brok and Sindri are upset about making Thor's hammer, but any clue as to what other dwarves may think? 

I would also like to take the time to add that everything we get with the dwarves is not necessarily ""good"".

A mad dwarven king sends his people to the brink of ruin for a quest. Well, they are ruined.

Fafnir is a thief, and is turned into a dragon.

Ivaldi created a deadly mist that would, in turn, end up killing him.  

We do not hear much about Svartalfheim either, but I am guessing that is due to the lack of budget.

(Feel Free to correct me if I got anything wrong in terms of lore).",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bu0gqs,The old man and the sea..,Playing GOW actually reminds me of the novel. The old Fisher fighting with the sea..,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_btvnci,need clarification on something,"please don’t spoil anything...

while out exploring, i entered the hidden chamber in mother’s garden in the wildwoods and when inside atreus made a remark along the lines of “here it is wow i can’t believe it was here the whole time” so basically at a further point in the game i would have spoken to someone and they would have mentioned this place and told me to find it. i’m afraid that now that i found it i won’t ever have that conversation. does anyone know what i’m talking about? there was a realm tear in it not a valkyrie and a lore scroll inside was talking about a bunch of crazy stuff that went right over my head. i feel like i missed out on something",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_btps4d,Anyone else beat every GOW title?,"Working on making my way through Chains of Olympus, then I will have beaten every game with the exception of Betrayal (which I may also look into, lol.)

It's amazing how far this game has come, as trite as this may sound. Four years ago, if someone showed me a gameplay vid of the 2018 title, I would've fainted. Being that this has been my favorite game series since the first grade, I am glad Cory and his team have worked to catapult the franchise to the forefront of modern AAA gaming. Can't wait to see what's in store for the sequel.",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_btnngi,Have fun and don't obsess over fully upgrading all your gear before NG+!,"Hey, I love this game! I love it's story, it's combat, worldbuilding, lore, everything! I have played through it three times now, including GMGOW on NG+ so i consider myself a bit of a veteran at this point and I keep seeing a lot of people with questions regardig endgame gear and how to get all armor sets fully upgraded before starting the first NG+.

&amp;#x200B;

My advise: don't bother. It may seem like a sensible thing to do but in NG+, in no time, you will have about 4 or 5 completely new armorsets, heaps of axe handles, blades pommels and talismans that outperform the epic or legendary versions at base level. This makes the effort put into all that NG gear feel completely useless. So i advise you to just get one armorset, a few handles and pommels you like, upgrade that to about max level so you have some good starting gear, upgrade the axe and blades to max level (they won't upgrade further in NG+) and open all nornir chests for the health an spartan rage meter (this also doesn't level any further in NG+) before starting NG+ but not more. Any of the nornir chests, runic attacks and summons, axe and blades upgrades you missed in NG, you can allways get later in NG+, though it makes it easier to gather those at the end of the first playthrogh, if you are starting an NG+ on a higher difficulty. Upgrading runic attacks is done with XP so this basically happens on it's own and can continue through into NG+, no problem.

The first playthrough should just be a fun experience, not a perfectionist slog, save that for later, in NG+, that's my advise. 

Or do whatever, i'm not the boss of you!",13,public,
GodofWar,t3_btmgak,"[God Of War] So, today is my birthday IRL and decided to finish it, finally. Thank you Reddit, for giving me the best advice to get the 100% in this wholesome adventure! Love this GOY from the depths of my heart!","&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/9yw8q6y3ir031.jpg",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_btb5wn,Homage to Bear Mccreary,"Dont know if this is done before, but for me this is the first time I have pulled up a gaming soundtrack on Spotify and thouroghly enjoyed every single track. Thank you Mr. Bear for the epic soundtrack to an equally epic journey.",331,public,
GodofWar,t3_btowrn,New game plus dumb question,"I understand you keep your weapons, armor, etc. but do i have to find treasures, chests, artifacts, ravens, etc all over again?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_btnii2,Next gen games,"I’m sure I’m late to this party, but the next GoW was confirmed to be coming to the ps5 after 2020.

I need to decide whether to buy a whole console to continue my favorite franchise. Anybody had any good thoughts on this??",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_btq2kh,Is NG+ Worth playing?,I have been thinking about replaying GOW but I am not sure if it will be worthwhile I want a different feeling game Does NG+ Give that to you or will it be like my first andventure?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_btfk5g,Is Odin aware of Zeus ?,"Does he know who Zeus is? and his shenanigans? Was there some kind of pact between Gods of different realms (Greek/Norse/Egyptian) were they didn't overstep into each others terroritory? And or now that Zeus is dead, will other gods from the different realms take his place? Because I read that they are all part of the same universe.",30,public,
GodofWar,t3_btk5d9,First time playing through question,Do you earn enough xp and/or hacksilver by the end of the game to fully upgrade every skill and items/weapons?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bto3ex,100% in single run?,Hi is it possible to 100% in a single playthrough? Also any good secret/collectables guides? Thanks in advance,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_btf0uc,I finally did it.,"I got God of War 2018 around march of this year. And today I beat the game on its hardest difficulty. It may seem not too impressive or interesting, but I grew up around my father playing the God of War games. He was really good at making sure I didnt see anything bad (I was around 7 at the time) but I have yet to play any from the original trilogy as the games are buried in boxes at the moment. But even just beating the game and now wanting to find the original three made me feel great and I just thought I'd share",17,public,
GodofWar,t3_btfm09,A Quick Guide to Muspelheim Hard Trial 1: Kill Enemies in Quick Succession,"I've seen a few people mention that they've had trouble with this trial, and I remember being frustrated with it when I first tried it, so here are some tips to help you get through it if you're struggling.

&amp;#x200B;

Firstly, if you have the wrong setup you're going to have a bad time. You need to equip runic attacks that have large areas of effect and/or very high damage, and ideally you want armour that gives you high stats in attack and runic (and perhaps cooldown).

&amp;#x200B;

Some recommended runics include Hel's Touch, Strike of the Utgard, Wrath of the Frost ancient, Glaive Storm, Nemean Crush, Hyperion Slam, Meteoric Slam.

&amp;#x200B;

In the first wave, kite the enemies and group them together, chip away at their health if you have low strength/runic stats. Once they're weakened and herded together, blast them with a runic (or two if needed) then mop up any survivors.

&amp;#x200B;

In the second wave, you can start by weakening the revenant to half health, but mainly you want to focus on the troll until it's stunned, then use the troll to kill the revenant. Use Atreus to keep the revenant in place and vulnerable to your steed. Put down your pet troll the moment you defeat the revenant and the animation should finish in time before the revenant respawns.

&amp;#x200B;

The third wave is the hardest because there are a lot of enemies and two of them hide underground. Similarly to the first wave, you want to kite and herd the enemies together, and chip away at the tatzelwurms' health if possible. Once they're grouped together smash them with a powerful runic or two such as Glaive Storm and/or Hyperion Slam. Mop up the survivors. If this is still difficult then use the talisman of the realms to buy yourself a few seconds to find an angle of approach.

&amp;#x200B;

[Here's](https://youtu.be/w-B50e-vaoA) a video of how I did it on my current run, although I already have the full Zeus set here, so I didn't need to weaken enemies much before going for the kill.",14,public,
GodofWar,t3_btj4r3,Does Svartalheim steel have any use in ng+?,"I have a max set of Ivaldi armor and a near maxed set of Valkyrie armor, and I’d like to avoid having to farm for Hacksilver if possible. Since I have several hundred thousand Hacksilver worth of steel, that would be the easiest way, but if it starts being useful again in ng+ I don’t want to get rid of it",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_btmrh9,NG+ GMGOW Musphelheim,Has anyone beat the “kill 100 enemies” challenge on this difficulty? I’ve done everything else but the sheer number of guys always gets me and led to me quitting ):,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bt5vt1,Keep a memory of me,"“...  not as a king or a hero; but as a man: fallible and flawed”. This quote is from Beowulf but this morning i have been thinking it applies to Kratos too, particularly given the direction of the last game (dad of war).",171,public,
GodofWar,t3_btfyw4,Theory about GOW5,"I have an Idea! What if Thor kills Kratos in the beginning of god of war 5, and the rest of the game switches between Atreus hiding from Thor in Midgard and Kratos fighting his way back up from the underworld? They’ve never made multiple playable characters in a god of war game, so it would be something new and incredible!",9,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_btbkr5,I hope the writers can deliver on the story build up with the next game,"I love GoW because of the fun combat and well done Kratos &amp; Atreus relationship but story wise it was basically just all build up for something more exciting and epic.

I just hope the next game delivers here and offers pay off. It's rare to see a planned out trilogy in gaming with a real on going storyline so I hope they can handle it well. I enjoyed the original Trilogy but the story got dumber there",25,public,
GodofWar,t3_bt7vid,Theory about Kratos’ fate in the next game,"I have a theory about how Kratos will die  (if he indeed does, that is). If this has already been discussed then I’m extremely sorry.

After defeating Baldur and conversation with Freya, Atreus asks Kratos why she was willing to let Baldur kill her, to which Kratos responds that it was something he’d let Atreus do as well, if it meant that his death would keep Atreus safe. 

This is exactly how I think Kratos will die. He would tell Atreus kill him. Atreus with a heavy heart, does so (thus holding his head as shown in the mural), and in the third instalment will wreck havoc on Midgard (I might be wrong about this). What do you guys think?",15,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_btccv6,Changing the difficulty,"I’ve finished the game and I’m trying to complete everything. The side quests and most of the Valkyrie are done as well. I beat the game on hard (Give me a challenge), and I want to change it to normal (Give me a balanced experience). I save all my games after I’m done playing for the day. Am I able to change the difficulty, without losing my progress in my saved game?",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bsxxkx,Oh shit! a spartan never let's his back hit the ground literally,"Even in death a spartan stands tall for battle.

That explains why Kratos held Athena and waited till she died before letting her back touch the ground. Now Athena is by no means a spartan but it's a sign Kratos has some respect or has acknowledged you. 

This same event occurred with the spartan warrior we fought in God of war 2 as well as Kratos himself. When he was stabbed, You could clearly see him trying to not lay down.

Orkos got this respect as well in ascension and another spartan in Ghost of Sparta, When he didn't tell Thanatos's daughter where Kratos was to stop his pain.",493,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bt9k68,Unnecessary Video Game Reviews: God of War II,"Hi all,

&amp;#x200B;

I started a series of retro game ""reviews"" called Unnecessary Video Game Reviews.  I decided for my first entry, that I would do God of War II because I love it so god damn much.  It is not meant to be a serious review.  I do not take myself very seriously anyway.  

&amp;#x200B;

Figured this would be a good place to post links!  

&amp;#x200B;

[Part I](https://coil.com/p/vengefulseven/Unnecessary-Video-Game-Reviews-God-of-War-II-Part-I/AmRwi7Lk_)

[Part II](https://coil.com/p/vengefulseven/Unnecessary-Video-Game-Reviews-God-of-War-II-Part-II/PbsHEimZy)

[Part III](https://coil.com/p/vengefulseven/Unnecessary-Video-Game-Reviews-God-of-War-II-Part-III/ODN7V_5qo)

[Part IV](https://coil.com/p/vengefulseven/Unnecessary-Video-Game-Reviews-God-of-War-II-Part-IV/fAD_lKNu_)

&amp;#x200B;

Enjoy",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bt3s6m,i was wrong about god of war,"so i quit god of war about 20% into the game,because how i felt about the combat,and it was the best decision I've ever made, because i was playing it with a completely wrong mindset,i went in expecting soulsborne like combat and tried to play it slow and defensively like souls and that's exactly why it sucked for me,but this time i started god of war again but this time i decided to be very aggressive,and maaann this was a great decision,it made a world of difference,now I'm into this combat so much that i can't put it down , I'm about 35% into the game,have lot's of new skills,and talismans,i also decided to pay attention to the story and wow, I'm blown away,now i finally why this game is an easy GOTY,10/10 from me,even though i still have lot to do before i finish the game",57,public,
GodofWar,t3_btcmdp,What is the easiest way to re-learn the game?,"I fell away from the game for a bit but I want to go back and continue my efforts towards 100%ing the game, I have forgotten the game though and was wondering the easiest way to re-learn it? Is there tutorials in new game+ aswell?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_btc7eh,Do all items have a set level?,"Im playing through NG+ and i want to maximize my level as high as i can. Im currently doing the Andvari quest as soon as ive met the world serpent. Im worried the enchantment or item i get from this quest will be a lower level because im doing it so early is this something i have to worry about in NG+ or will items just drop at there own set level?


TLDR: Do items have a set level so i can go and get them whenever, without them being a low level?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bt47f5,How smart is Kratos??,I mean he seems pretty witty at time like when he was breaking the ice. What are your thoughts?,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bszfcp,Just had to express my almost comical frustration with a certain Muspelheim trial!,"The one where they ask you to defeat a 100 enemies. I haven’t been able to open a lot of the chests needed to maximize my vitality-I still have fared very well in the game but anyways...
I was down to “1 enemy left”....and got killed. 😝💥😫",25,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsnuvf,"So I recently got my first PS4 and started playing God of War (2018) last month. And as we know, it focuses on Norse myth. Well my mother is Icelandic and really enjoyed the soundtrack to the game. So she translated the first track into English for me. Felt like sharing :).","Útlægr Guð - Exiled God 

&amp;nbsp;


Smán föður - Father's shame

&amp;nbsp;

 
Von móður - Mother's hope

&amp;nbsp; 

Þraut barnsins - Child in pain 

&amp;nbsp;


Útlægr Guð - Exiled God

&amp;nbsp;

 
Smán föður - Father's shame

&amp;nbsp;

 
Von móður - Mother's hope

&amp;nbsp;

 
Þraut barnsins - Child in pain

&amp;nbsp;

 

Stríðs sonur - Son of war 

&amp;nbsp;



Saurgun sannleiks - Truth denied

&amp;nbsp;

 
Und svíður - Wounds remain 

&amp;nbsp;


Græð kvöl hans - Heal his rage 

&amp;nbsp;


Útlægr Guð - Exiled God

&amp;nbsp;

 
Stormr haturs - Storm of hate

&amp;nbsp;

 
Vex óttinn - Growing fear 

&amp;nbsp;


Und svíður - Wounds remain

&amp;nbsp;

 
Ger fortíð upp - Confront the past

&amp;nbsp; 

Guðs plága - Divine plague

&amp;nbsp;

 
Ég syndir ber - My sins laid bare

&amp;nbsp;

 
(Tresyt drengnum) - Trust the boy

&amp;nbsp;

 
(Sefa height hans) - Heal his rage

&amp;nbsp;

 
Blóðs bölvun - Curse of blood 

&amp;nbsp;


Óbætanleg - Beyond repair

&amp;nbsp;


(Tresyt drengnum) - Trust the boy

&amp;nbsp; 


(Sefa heift hans) - Heal his rage 

&amp;nbsp;

Hann mun fara - He will leave

&amp;nbsp; 


Ég hef enga(Aflausn) - I've no redemption

&amp;nbsp; 

Útlægr Guð - Exiled God 

&amp;nbsp;


Smán föður - Father's shame 

&amp;nbsp;


Von móður - Mother's hope

&amp;nbsp;

 
Þraut barnsins - Child in pain

&amp;nbsp;

 
Útlægr Guð - Exiled God 

&amp;nbsp;


Stormr haturs - Storm of hate

&amp;nbsp; 


Tresyt drengnum - Trust the boy

&amp;nbsp; 


Sefa heift hans - Heal his rage 

&amp;nbsp;


Vex óttinn - Growing fear

&amp;nbsp; 


Und svíður - Wounds remain

&amp;nbsp; 


Hann þjáist - He's in pain

&amp;nbsp; 


Hann þarfnast föður Ekki Guðs - He needs a father not a god 

&amp;nbsp;


Blóðs bölvun - Curse of blood 

&amp;nbsp;


Ég hef enga aflausn - I've no redemption 

&amp;nbsp;


Und svíður - Wounds remain 

&amp;nbsp;


Ger fortíð upp. - Confront the past.",1250,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsvh6t,Has anyone tried to translate this? (Maybe spoiler?), [https://imgur.com/a/uLnbrGK](https://imgur.com/a/uLnbrGK),56,public,
GodofWar,t3_bszx23,"“Hm... By now I'd have thought the r/GodOfWar subreddit would have crowdsourced this riddle to fruition, screencaps of the subtitled lines in question, the whole nine yards. It's underwhelming, sure, but until then it's also UNSOLVED...”",https://twitter.com/theorionwalker/status/1132317319554691073?s=19,8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bt0dn0,Just a thought!,I know it’s becoming a trope and everything but aside from God of War 3 would you guys like to see the rest of the Saga remastered as well? I already have it the saga on PS3 but would totally drop more money for it on PS4 or if need be PS5 (: just a thought though.,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bt13iu,Point to Nilfheim?,Tried looking it up already. Is there something you get or a storyline to Nilfheim? All I can tell is you fight in the mist to be able to fight in the mist longer.,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bt0wxc,New God of War in Egypt?,"We all know there will not be a dlc for this game, unfortunately. However, in the documentary Raising Kratos it was mentioned that the initial plan was to make the game in Egypt. 

So do you think we’ll see the pharaonic civilization in a future God of War game?

Thoughts?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bt0lxo,Spoilers for GOW 2 kinda,"Not really but better on the safe side.

Is there ever an explanation as to why a bow was in Typhon's eye? Seems unusually convenient (used lightly, of course)",2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bsgunq,I made a necklace of Brok and Sindri's brand,"https://imgur.com/gallery/MwfEYwS



I carved the prototype model from wax with a tabletop CNC, then cast it in silver. After casting, I filed and sanded it a bit and then hammered it to give it a battleworn look.



This is the 2nd God of War item I've made. Here's the first one, along with some progress pics - https://imgur.com/gallery/5LZ4u2f



Edit: I have the pendants available in my [etsy store](https://www.etsy.com/shop/myytos) if anyone's interested. And if you do order something, leave me a note that you're from reddit and I'll add a little gift for you :)",506,public,
GodofWar,t3_bswfqm,Should I play all the other God of War games before playing the 2018 version?,"Hey! I know God of War was released last year and I've not played any GoW game before, should I play all the other GoW games before getting into the new one? Is it worth it? 

&amp;#x200B;

Yes I do own a ps3 so I could buy the games online but I'm not sure if I should.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsyiuk,&gt;!spoiler!&lt; Freya was not so bad,"&gt;!In the original mythology, Baldur was dreaming about his eventual death, Odin then goes to the underworld and witness a party between witches and learns that they are conspiring against his son (baldur) (this is not 100% accurate but it’s something like that) so when you consider that, Freya doing everything to protect her son does not seem THAT bad!&lt;",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bstms2,An speculation about Thor's fight.,"It's like with Baldur, the big handicap was his invelnerability, but also was *speed*. In this fight, Baldur was too fast for Kratos, and he had to improve and foresee his attacks. But with Thor that will be different ... In this case, I think Kratos is going to have to bring out his maximum strength, because we will face the god of brute force (among other things), and he will not make it easy for him, also that Thor is visibly slower but incredibly strong and powerful.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsxtdm,I'v a question about the Soundtrack DLC,How do you play the music on the game?,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsscqv,What does hacksilver actually look like in the game?,"I have tried googling it but to no avail. It just comes up with suggestions on how to farm it. Can't look in game at the moment so I wondered if you guys could help with a picture? From the latest game.
Thank you kindly!

Edit: added which game in case the currency looks different in different games",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsmquv,A shame not everyone played the others.,[https://i.imgur.com/6dkDEqe.png](https://i.imgur.com/6dkDEqe.png),36,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsmlju,Hiking while listening to Mimir narrate the GOW Audiobook made hiking even more satisfying.,"Bought the audiobook yesterday and I began listening to it as I started a hike to Mt. Marcy’s summit via the Van Hoevenberg trail. I stopped at a lean-to overnight, and listened a little longer. I listened again in the morning while packing up. The trail was long enough to make it so I just about finished as I was getting back to my car. 

The trail is still mostly snow and ice. The peak was high winds and below freezing temps with rain and snow... it was a tough hike. But listening to GOW4 Audiobook on my way up and down made it so much more of a intense hike. 

Highly recommend you try the same, friends!",37,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsrm4f,Freya and Baldur Obersvation,"So I was replaying the game for the third time, and I made it to the final boss fight with Baldur.

I am not sure if it might have just been the lighting, but do the tattoos/markings on Freya's arms   
""glow"" when she uses her powers? I mean when we see her in the Hut, they are not as vibrant.

&amp;#x200B;

Also, On Baldur's shoulder, there is a tattoo of a broken arrowhead. Is this supposed to reference the arrow that takes away his invulnerability when he hits Atreus? Are his tattoos prophetic?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bss9ob,Easy Way to Kill a Valkyrie without Fully Depleting her Health Bar.,"STUNning discovery:  It’s possible to beat the Valkyries without inflicting 95% damage to their health bars.

I did this in Spartan Rage mode so I’m not sure if it applies to the normal mode. Like the draugr, you just time them and grab them mid combat and pull the finishing move. I actually did this with Kara while her health bar was half depleted. 

P.S I’m on New Game+, so I’m not sure if it applies to the first variant.",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bsr68w,Anyone know where I can obtain the Perfect aspect of the realm enchantment?,"I have the game saved right before opening the chests in Musplheim on level 6 of the impossible trials and I keep attempting to get one from the left chest but no luck (open left chest, load saved game, repeat) . Is there another place I can get one?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bs8s0n,It Has Begun (Does this mean GOW 5 is in development),https://mobile.twitter.com/SonySantaMonica/status/1131631129407217664,324,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsqvlk,Anyone hope they do the thing they're not going to do and kill Atreus?,"I just want to see Kratos lose his mind, even though it would be completely repetitive in the series. It would just be fun to be the unstoppable blood thirsty maniac that was young Kratos. I mean I want more gore and brutality in the next one at least.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsk7xl,This game spoils you!!!,"I just finished the game a second time and this time i lowered the difficulty and turned on immersive mode. That one camera shot is so amazing and cinematic. 

I miss this in other games,  for instance horizon zero Dawn has the camera toggle between characters for dialogue and after this finishing this game, I feel kinda jarred by those scene cuts.",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bshdxu,Thoughts on who Odins VA should be?,"Personally I think Charles Dance would be a great fit, plus he’s done video games before with the Witcher 3. Who do y’all think would work?",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsjr6i,I have two questions,"Who or what is the bird in hel that helps us to escape?

Who calls the world serpant when we're saving the BOY?

Also, I would love random trivia and facts about the game's story as well.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsdiwc,Sigrun Purple Health Bar?,So I just got back into God of War and I replayed the game in New Game+. I defeated all the Valkyries for the first time and for the fight with Sigrun she had a purple health bar and I’ve heard that meant she was 2 levels above my level. The thing is that I’m level 9 and I’ve seen people at level 8 get a yellow health bar. Does anyone know why this is?,13,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsip8o,What was the city that was attacked in the opening of God of War 3?,Why was it even attacked?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bsclx8,"New game+ on GMGOW, what carries over, what should i sell",Cant seem to find an actual list of what carries over I know you keep youre equipped armor but is there anything I should sell that doesn't get carried over like resources? Also does the armor ive purchased carry over too? Going for the Second playthrough on NG+ so i have a few sets of perfect armor.,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_brvsgt,Another theory about Mjölnir,"So, it seems like most people want Kratos to kill Thor and take the hammer for himself in a future game. However, Kratos is trying to be better. Killing a god and taking his weapon/head/boots is exactly what the old Kratos would do. Kratos isn’t that same person anymore. Part of me thinks it would be cool character/story wise if after we kill Thor, Kratos takes the hammer and destroys it. It would make sense for him in some ways, and it would be so satisfying that Kratos would destroy the god and weapon that wiped out his wife’s people and so many other innocent Norse folk. That way it could never harm anyone again. 

Sure it would stink not getting to use it ourselves, but it could make for a powerful plot point.",565,public,
GodofWar,t3_bs6f7t,Tyr’s temple implications on the next games,"I don’t know if this has been discussed but I was very surprised when I saw the Murals in Tyr’s temple with Icons from Japanese and Egyptian myths.

I think this means that the next games will explore the myths of the other Countries. Here’s my reasoning.

1. It seems we’re done with traversing the majority of the 9 realms and the new games must maintain the open world aspect so like Elder scrolls, we will go to different lands for new open world experiences.

2. The Story hasn’t  explained how Kratos got to Midgard to begin with and yet according to the panels in Jotenheim, Kratos arriving is a very big deal. 

3. We must do something about Ragnarok. The story seems to be going in the direction of the destruction of the 9 realms via Ragnarok but I don’t think it will happen. Odin wants to prevent this as well so you might think it’s a bad thing but I think this intentionally the opposite of the Old God of war where Kratos incites and apocalypse. In this game Kratos will end the Apocalypse.

4. I think the only way of preventing Ragnarok will be combining knowledge from all the other mythologies and lands and such. Tyr must have had a reason to travel to all these other mythologies and I think it will be that all the lands eventually combine there efforts to defeat Odin and also stop Ragnarok. 

That’s about what I think will happen. The next game will be Egypt and the last will be Japan and one of the games will probably go to back to Greece and Odin and his pantheon will be the over arching enemy chasing Kratos and Atreus through all the mythologies.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bs268k,Platinum Avtaar of GOW,"i platinumed it just for the avtaar and was sad to get to know that it is not for USA region.And it was my first platinum.
if anyone has spare , kindly help.Thanks in advance!!",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_brvu2r,After watching Raising Kratos I have some thoughts about the narrative direction of the next few games,"At the conclusion of the documentary (which was amazing, Shannon Studstill, Yumi Yang, Cory Barlog and everyone at SSM who worked on the game seem like very passionate and driven people) Barlog talks about the nature of success and compares it to being a parent, I think what he says has narrative implications for the games to come and how they continue Atreus and Kratos' story. The direct quote is:

&gt;""...which is kind of, I guess, like a parent. You're gonna sacrifice, work really hard and then they're gonna fucking hate you in fifteen years and not talk to you for ten years and then they're gonna be like 'hey I remember why you were pretty good'""

It may be this is the narrative direction going forward, with Atreus and Kratos having a falling out and Atreus fulfilling his role as Loki in the mythology, working with the Norse pantheon in some way instead of against them for a time, and finally, given enough time, reconciling with his father.

Very excited to see what the team at SSM come up with and over a year after release still in awe at what they achieved in terms of narrative, gameplay and the world they built.

Where do you think the story will go from here?",40,public,
GodofWar,t3_brilud,"For those who got into Norse mythology thanks to God of War, it looks like From Software and George RR Martin are working together on a Norse inspired, open-world RPG","https://www.unilad.co.uk/gaming/fromsoftware-and-george-rr-martin-reportedly-developing-norse-open-world-title/?source=gamingbible

God of War really made me fall in love with the whole Norse mythos and I feel like it is very under represented in the gaming industry. That being said, I think thats about to change thanks to how great God of War was and the spotlight it put on Norse Mythology. The Dark Souls trilogy were always a favorite series of mine and if the rumors are true, i can't wait to see the finished product which will no doubt be possible in part due to the success of God of War",1254,public,
GodofWar,t3_bs0llo,"Resurrection stones, how do they actually work?","So, I've become a frequent used of the resurrection stones (pushing my luck against valkyries while slightly underleveled). It looks like I get a stone back for winning the fight, but everything I've read suggests otherwise. Can someone clarify whether I'm right or confused?

After all, it could very well be that I just didn't use the stone for that final fight, but when I've used it for all the other attempts and still lost I see it as very unlikely that I would suddenly just clutch it out.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bs91ai,Just Finished God of War (2018): The Good and Bad,"This is my first God of War game ever, and I just finished it. Here's what I loved, and what I didn't like (so much). For reference, I'm a big Souls fan + Bloodborne and Sekiro, so my opinions are from this background.

**Fantastic story + Music**

It's clear that a lot of love has gone into this game. Whoever wrote the story truly feels invested. The music drives home the emotional highlights. Kratos's journey with his son is a study in character development. I didn't expect a video game story to be this sophisticated and emotional.

Freya was magnificent as well. A complex personality, whom we love. And though we never see Kratos's wife and Atreus's mother, we can still feel her presence throughout the game.

The story is a beautiful work of art. The Baldur fights are cinematic accomplishments in their own right, and carry a lot of weight.

**Almost no Boss Fights**

The only ""real"" boss in the game is Sigrun - the Valkyrie queen. The others big enemies are just repeats of one another. This is one of the biggest departures from the Souls games.

**Combat is Frenetic: Can be Either Good or Bad Depending on Taste**

Unlike Souls games, Kratos fights multiple enemies at all times. In Souls games, fights are methodical, and carefully controlled. In GoW, there are waves and waves of enemies, luck plays a big role, and you get surrounded often. It's a matter of taste. I personally didn't like fighting multiple enemies at once, but that's the GoW signature I suppose.

**Can Induce Motion Sickness**

For someone who gets seasick easily, there's altogether too much boat riding! In the first 5 minutes of the game, I had to turn off the camera shake options. Without that, I wouldn't have been able to continue at all. But there's still a bunch of boat travel that induces motion sickness. And at one point in the game, you have to be on a huge ship that's floating around. Very bad!

**Difficulty Levels are Messed Up**

The game's difficulty at higher levels consists of more health for enemies, and more damage taken. Unlike Souls' games, where the difficulty is more organic. It's difficult to explain, but when playing ""Give me a Challenge"" with no skills unlocked, I didn't feel satisfied beating mobs. Just tired. It's a bit ridiculous.

&amp;#x200B;

**Bottom Line: Story Makes up for it All**

The story and the music are killer. It's what makes the game awesome in my opinion. I won't be playing it again on harder difficulties, because like I said, I don't like the way the game makes things hard. But it's been an amazing experience. Even the lack of boss fights (exception Sigrun) doesn't detract from the experience. I'm very happy I bought and played it!",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_brxdhf,You sit on a throne of... air?,"Even in death (or freedom), the Valkyries must show me that they are better than me. A physical throne is not enough, only a glitch that makes them sit and float on air is. 

&amp;#x200B;

Haha, but in all seriousness, has this happened to anyone before?

[Glitch Encounter: Valkyrie Hovering](https://i.redd.it/dge5yzpp8vz21.jpg)",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_brrtkr,Where do I find the short film with Atreus grown up.," So I was watching the beginning of a film that showed up on my feed this morning. It had Arteus grown up with carrying the levithan axe. He's walking through the woods and then he gets into a fight with this guy carrying a sychte. Then my kids starting screaming so I had to turn it off, and now I can't find it. I want to watch the rest because it was really badass. I think it was called god son wrysing. Anyone know where I can find it.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bryhzu,Big Question!,"Is it possible to get God of War 4 on PC? I was wondering because i dont know if any these links are trustworthy. And i dont want to install a virus, any information is helpful!",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_brl5lv,I just realized valkyries are like cockroaches,Everything's fine until they start flying.,30,public,
GodofWar,t3_brways,Ivaldis Shop Farming Methods,"Im interested on how other players Farm materials in ivaldis workshop, please share for other players to learn too🐣",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_br84sp,"""GOD OF WAR"" passes 10 million sales",https://twitter.com/shinobi602/status/1130670437602611200?s=19,1273,public,
GodofWar,t3_brr4pv,Question about money grinding,"Maybe I need a life... But I want to upgrade everything. I searched money grinding on the internet and most of them are for starters. Most of them talked about collecting resources in the lake.

&amp;#x200B;

So what is better in the late game, Muspelheim or Niflheim? In Niflheim I can get nearly 10k mist echoes each run, not counting resources that can be break down into mist echoes. Each enhancement costs 750 mist echoes but sells for 1.8k HS. However buying enhancements to sell takes forever... Muspelheim mostly just gives you HS directly.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_brt3n9,Any idea what this tattoo means ?,It’s like a broken feather or arrow head .,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_brmarp,Need help choosing game version!,"In my country, both the PEGI and ESRB rated versions of God Of War are available. I can't seem to find what the difference between them is (censorship or otherwise). Which one should I buy?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_brqwx3,What might a God of War 4 be like if Kratos and Atreus were female?,"Not Kratos and Atreus themselves, obviously, but analogues of them. 

&amp;#x200B;

Anyone remember Heavenly Sword? For some reason I used to have it in my head that Heavenly Sword was the de facto ""female God of War."" Heavenly Sword didn't do so hot. But in an alternate reality where God of War faded away and Heavenly Sword managed to be good, might we have seen Nariko rowing around some kind of daughter figure?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_brhwq7,What do you think wil happend in gow5?,Spoilers ahead,4,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_br651a,Zeus and Odin co-existing,"People keep saying that the norse gods are on a different realm of that of the greek gods, But kratos mentions that he came to these ""Shores"" Which should imply the gods live on different islands, If thats the case, Would god of war chains of olympus be considered a warning for ragnarok as the sun falls out and what not.",108,public,
GodofWar,t3_brhq87,Sigrun (GMGOW),"It's been a year since I've played since game, and I decided to start a brand new game on GMGOW. I've done basically everything except Sigrun. I forgot how painful she is. A few things that get me every time:

* Her straight lunge attacks. I can't tell if it's the unlockable red one or the one you can block/dodge. When it is the latter, I'll try and dodge but she'll still hit me just because it's such a wide attack

* Wing flap blinding attack. This is NOT the one where she twirls her staff and can throw the axe at her and stun. She flies up and does a little flap of her wings. It doesn't cause much damage at all, it's the blinding part that screws me

* Is there a trick to continuously stun her while in rage trying to build back health? I'll do the hold R1 strong punch if she attacks me while I'm attaching her in rage, but I can't recover enough health",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_brerl8,These games have the best Easy modes in history,"They just feel like you truly are the God Kratos is supposed to be lorewise, no matter your skill level (mine is average, I just enjoy easy better than normal), while still having the enemies feel somewhat alive and not just waiting around for your hits.

Tbh, without an Easy mode in GoW 1, I would've never played any of the games.",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_breksa,Executioner Cleave flashing,"What is the flashing? I feel like I'm missing a prompt to get into a more advanced attack.

It happens at the end of Light attack &gt; Light attack &gt; Light attack &gt; holding Heavy combo string.

Thanks in advance for any clarification.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_briztt,God of war plat avatar?,Just 100%'d the game how do I receive plat avatar code?,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bre05d,Sony launches games film unit,"[https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/sony-interactive-launches-unit-adapt-games-film-tv-1211850](https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/sony-interactive-launches-unit-adapt-games-film-tv-1211850)

&amp;#x200B;

There you go, potential GOW movie, sometime in the future.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_brck1h,Kratos (Norse and Greek versions) vs Dante (DMC5)?,"Let's say there are two rounds since they're so radically different in terms of abilities and feats.
End of GoW3 Kratos vs End of DMC5 Dante

End of GoW4 Kratos vs End of DMC5 Dante

Who wins in either one? Personally I feel like Greek Kratos couldn't beat Dante, even if their amount of equipment and feats are similar. Dante I feel is too fast and has greater diversity in terms of magical weapons, half of Kratos' are basically the same imo.

Whereas in the Norse I don't think we've seen enough of his true power to definitively say either way, but what do yall think?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_brf217,Anchor of Fog?,"Only acquired thru that one boss area, to the right of the main entrance, correct?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_brdarg,God of War with Chinese subtitles?,Is it possible to have this game displayed with Chinese subtitles? I'm seeing copies of the game on play asia with them so I'm sure they exist,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqticd,A question has been rubbing me in the wrong way ever since GoW3,Why didn't Kratos just glide with Icarus's wings when he was falling off Gaia at the start of the game?,274,public,
GodofWar,t3_br7rbg,Sony proved us wrong [Going to get so much hate for this],"So a while back I asked fans if they wanted a GOW cinematic universe and got much hate for this even trying to explain why I got down voted hard but guess what Sony proved us wrong they are making movies and TV series based on their popular IP's

Source : https://m.ign.com/articles/2019/05/20/playstation-productions-to-adapt-sonys-games-for-film-and-tv?sf102960745=1

P. S I'm not happy either it just seems like a crappy move",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_br3a3u,Question about the deer hunt,"When Kratos and boi cross the bridge, they see the deer entering a temple. Atreus then tells Kratos that Faye told him to never go in there.

So, was the reason actually revealed?

And do you think Faye telling Atreus to never go in the temple has the same weight as Kratos telling him to never go beneath the floor?

Is there something missing that we haven't caught yet or was it something that has already been explained/ revealed ?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_br3a4o,Calling it now,"Kratos is Sutr. The Sword is testing his abilities at Muspelheim with the trials. Both the Vanir and the Aesir will battle against him at Ragnarok.

It may sound similar to the blade of Olympus from GoW2, but hey, Corey B was director of that also 😄
There are other similarities between GoW2 and GoW2018 such as elements of time travel, a tyrant of a ruler/king (Zues/Odin), a man trapped in a tree being tortured by the tyrant and the infamous swords which tip the balance.

Sutr seems to be related to fire, as Kratos is with the blades.

Thoughts?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqw8mk,Some cool things I missed my first time through,"So I'm playing my new game plus and there's a couple things I didn't notice on my first playthrough that I wanted to share.

1. After Freya heals Atreus, she and Kratos do the Spartan hand shake

2. I literally just noticed that after Atreus becomes a dick, he'll ignore your square button presses sometimes, he'll just randomly switch arrows and he'll use the animal summon whenever. I don't know how I missed this but it's a nice touch to hit this part home.",26,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bqwu8c,Hints towards future game in Anniversary Theme,"I noticed on the raft in which Atreus and Kratos sit, some runes on the side of the raft say “Ragnarök Is Coming”, a very nice touch to the theme and could possibly allude to future instalments. My only concern is that just two games wouldn’t do the Norse Mythology justice so I hope they manage to break the Norse era into 3 chapters like the original series. Hope this hasn’t been discussed before!",17,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqzarm,I'm almost certain this has been asked before but,Was it ever mentioned how long Kratos was actually in the light of Alfheim? Or is the point just that he was there for a long time and left Atreus alone?,8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqx21e,Question about the World Serpent speaking at a specific point in the game. (spoilers),"Spoilers ahead.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

So, during the part where you are carrying a sick Atreus to Freya, you hear a noise and Mimir mentions that someone else is talking to the World Serpent. Was this ever brought up again? I just finished the game, and I don't recall it ever being a thing again.",14,public,
GodofWar,t3_br3jy9,"First new game+, did I miss anything?","I finished my first play through in March and started the Muspelheim trials before taking a short break. I didn't go to Niflheim at all; my plan was to do that after Muspelheim.  I was eager to get back into, not really thinking that I hadn't completed either realm, and picked the game back up this week by starting a New Game+.  

-

I'm assuming anything I would've gotten from both of those realms on the first play through is still available? I didn't miss out on anything by not going through those realms before starting my first new game+, did I?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqvlej,What was Baldur talking about in the Final Fight?,"After you get spit out of the World Sepent's mouth, Baldur emerges from the water and says, ' Do you have any idea, any idea at all, what you cost me?' 
What is Baldur talking about? Why is Baldur angry at Kratos? Is it because he killed Magni and Modi?

If there's an obvious answer I'm gonna feel really dumb lol",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqrvtn,How much game do I have left?,"I am playing the game in a ton of short sessions, and I lost track of how long I've played so far.

Kratos just &gt;!told his son that he is a god.!&lt; Is that first third? Half-way point? Last third? I have no idea.

Can you give me a vague, spoiler-free idea?",13,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqg5cv,"How about a God of War ""Greek Saga"" Collection for PS4 or possibly for PS5???"," I have been a huge fan of the series since the first God of War. And i kind want to have all the games in only one console. I still have God of War 1 and 2 for PS2 and God of War 3 Remaster and the new God of War for PS4. I never played Ascencion because i dont onw a PS3 and i also dont own a PSP but  i manage to play Chains of Olympus and Ghost of Sparta in my cousin psp.  I know that all the games are in the PSNow but i wish they made all games on one collection ( like Xbox did with Halo - The Masterchief Collection) if not one maybe two collections. The first with main triology and the second with the rest of the games ( Ascencion, Chains of Olympus and Ghost of Sparta) and maybe add to these some special goodies likes concept art, game development documentary of each game. What do you think???",365,public,
GodofWar,t3_br9iuv,My GOW review... average game. Find out why.,"Hello,

Here is my GOW review, and yes I won't be kind with it.

Overall it's a masterpiece in term of graphism and environment design, but poor in term of gameplay, and rather boring to play.

Fighting is the core of the game and it sucks. Fights are rather simple, repetitive, no room for expressing your own style : press attack button like a retard, duck, attack, go to next fight, repeat...You can never make a smart move using something unusual, natural feature, or even escape a fight!Finishing a big enemy always ends by a pre-recorded cinematic scene, which kills the intensity of fights... killing is only done indirectly.

And about 50% of the game is non-playing time:- Tons of puzzles games which have nothing interesting and after each of them you blame the developers for having you wasting 10 minutes.- Watching thousands of times the very same boring mini cut-scenes occurring every 2 minutes : climbing a wall, crawling, opening a chest, improving a weapon, taking a gate, achieving an enemy, talking to the dwarfs, etc.- Collect tons of shit that I don't care, to buy/activate improvements that I don't see the effect, through menus that are more complex than filling my annual tax report.- Try to find where you have to go and commute.

If you remove the amazing graphism, it's realy an average game.Zelda BOTW which has a similar gameplay, makes fights a million time more interresting and intense, makes you want to progress and collect new items, and gives you a lot of pleasure commuting (exploring wild places, riding a horse, gliding the parachute...)  


**EDIT A FEW DAYS LATER**  


**Thank you all for your insights and the discussion.**  
**I checked some videos of pro playing** and indeed, they are doing little things that I did not do in the game.  
But not much. GOW plays more or less the same whether you are good or not. You still walk on the same narrow pre-defined tracks with zero movement freedom, you still do the very same fights that you cannot skip and you still kill ennemies the very same way : retard push R1/R2 until it's over.   
**Overall GOW gameplay does not allow any room for freedom or growing with it.**

&amp;#x200B;

I have a good counter-example with the new game I just started : **Gravity Rush.**  
**From the first hour playing, I felt like a powerful super hero (DC/Marvel) doing incredible things ! Something I never felt with GOW.**   
And then I watched some video on youtube : it's again a whole other game ! Pro players are doing things I'm not even remotely close to do.  


Anyway, thanks for the chat.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqf7r8,Is it true that if you slow down clip of World Serpents voice you hear him talk english?,"Basically I saw youtube comment that said he actually speaks english and that its just heavily modified,but if you slow down video you can hear phrases such as:

 Here's what Jörmungandr says; -I know you Kratos of Sparta, I know you -I remember you old friend -Faye is dead, I know. But \*his voice I remember... -Still got it in my maw, look  \*his meaning Atreus.﻿ 

&amp;#x200B;

Is this true? I really hope it is,I could find some of these by listening but not all of them.",236,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqwc7v,GOW GMV,"https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=weN3vSrqNDo
Don’t watch this if you haven’t the played the game yet, play the game instead.

Before making this, I watched other videos on the game and tried to make this different. Combining the 4th and 3rd. 
Please let me know what you think!",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqh3bi,Finished the awesome game,"It was truly a one of a kind experience. I am 34 years old &amp; new to gaming, got a PS4 last Christmas. I never thought I would be playing a game in my mind &amp; devise a strategy to get through. Thanks to this game, my world has changed forever.

PS: Yes. I went back to the Home after the end credits &amp; saw the FUTURE. :)",43,public,
GodofWar,t3_bql1pn,God of War easteregg hunt.,"So, I remember in middle school seeing on G4 that there was an easteregg in either God of War or God of War 2 where there was a hidden nymph (or something similar) that was naked, and when you interacted with it, it was just a woman moaning. My buddy doesn't believe its real but I have a distinct memory of it. Trouble is, I cant track down proof, can someone help?",16,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqq9u6,The final trial,"What is the rule of the final trial in muspelheim? Is it possible to avoid the taking no damage trial? It is ridiculously hard for material farm.

&amp;#x200B;

Also, another question: what does the talisman that slows time during aiming do? Does it incease the damage when the axe hit or increase the damage for all marks marked during the effect?

&amp;#x200B;

PS. I finally got gold in this test. Just need to use the L2+R1 marks to assist Atreus... Assist Atreus? Lol.

(I never knew this skill upgrade is so good, and I never knew how to use axe throw properly. Defitely going to upgrade it early if started the game from the very beginning. Stupid countering blast, wasted a lot of my XP.)",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqlq65,Just to confirm something,There will be a god of war sequel right? What do you guys think?,11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqmztv,It's the Ending that matters.,"Hello everyone :)

In the recent light of events with some TV series, and some videogames that didn't had the Ending they should, they unfortunately lost a lot from their glamour and status.   

Now, in our case' it is talked openly that the next GoW might be the last one for Kratos (See Jutunheim Mural Theory, etc.)

I'm gonna speak open and from the heart: 

I'm not ready for this.  

I don't want to see it happen.   

I also don't think it *should* happen.      

It is indeed very important to go when it's the right time, and go at your peak.   
That's what makes changes an elite game into legendary (if it's not already).    
I just feel there's still more to give, and as technology and gaming art (direction, photography, cinematics, etc.) progress, so does Kratos.   

I would love an Egyptian/Mayan/Asian addition.   

As for the Ending???  

Well, the Olympus throne is vacant... 
And Greece needs a God at Olympus, so why not a happy ending after we've enjoyed a little bit more Kratos? 😊",4,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bqwue0,"Loved the game, but disappointed with the ending","Spoilers, of course!

Now, I know that I was never going to defeat Odin and Thor in the first game of what will most likely be a series, but they put way too much build up and foreshadowing for those characters only for them... have no meaningful role in the story. Thor only shows up in a secret ending, Odin never makes an appearance.

When the game ended in the realm of the giants, I thought I had finished just one third of the game because there were so many loose endings to deal with. For example, what happened to the realm of the elves after we helped the white ones? What was that big bird in Norse Hell that we didn't fight and it looked very much like it was going to be a boss, given that this is GoW and fighting big enemies is a must? And what about all the locked realms like Asgard that kept teasing us that there would be more?

Feels like they meant for this game to be huger, but then they ran out of budget. This game was going to be a 10/10 if they kept going on, but that ending left a sour taste in my mouth. I would give a  maximum of 8/10 because of the journey.",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bqkggf,Minerva's Tapestry,"The natural assumption is to think that the series title ""God of War"" relates to Kratos inheriting the mantle when he defeated Ares.  However, I believe Barlog and company are actually playing on a Phantom Menace theme insofar as the larger multiple mythology arc being manipulated by a hidden hand .

Athena is also one of the Greek gods of war (war and wisdom to be precise) and she has also now appeared in both mythologies influencing the actions of Kratos.  What if she is the god of war for which the franchise is named?

Roman and greek gods are commonly viewed as being one in the same with the roman equivelent of Athena being Minerva.  One story attributed to Minerva is that she once wove a tapestry for a competition that depicted her defeating all of the other gods.

Barlog and the SMS crowd have proven exceptional students of mythology.  What if Athena/Minerva is using Kratos as her instrument for defeating **all** gods (her literal and figurative designs being woven to plan).  This would likely mean that when SMS does decide to wrap up the franchise she will likely be the final boss.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqkoa3,Pantheons,Do you see gow exploring more pantheons or ending on. Norse,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq7ftk,A Familiar Looking Tattoo,"I recently stumbled across an adult actress with a [tattoo that looked strikingly familiar](https://i.imgur.com/eBaRW6v.jpg). After a split second it came to me that it's the [official artwork for the chimera from GOW3](https://godofwar.fandom.com/wiki/Chimera?file=Chim%C3%A8re_GOW_III.jpg). However in the video, when the cameraman asked her about it, she just said she found the picture and thought it looked nice. So I doubt she knows where it's from.  

Edit: Full source for those curious minds out there: https://sxyprn.com/post/5cdf8f24baa58.html",358,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqe7t1,"Just finished off the story, have a couple questions","1. Is there any story that happens after returning from jotunheim? I’m aware that there is a secret ending (I’ll check it out tomorrow) and that there’s probably some bit of story after defeating all the valkyries. But other than those, do I have the full story?

2. I read an article about new game plus that says you keep the blades of chaos. Does the game address the fact that you already have them at all? Or do you return home when Atreus gets sick to “get” the blades anyway?

3. I swear I remember Mimir or maybe Freya saying at one point that Freya was cursed to be unable to use magic to harm another being. However, during the fight with Baldur, the things that she summons definitely do damage, and I’m pretty sure the shockwave attack from the giant did some damage. Am I just missing something, or maybe I’m misremembering, or did the devs mess up?

4. I did this playthrough on GMAC difficulty. How much harder would new game plus be on GMGOW? Am I going to be getting one-shotted by basic enemies, or is it a small difficulty increase?

5. General opinion on axe vs blades? To me the blades only feel useful for runic attacks and if I’m up against a horde of low power enemies. For single targets or groups of strong enemies I almost always prefer the axe.

6. After picking up Mimir at the end of the game, he says Brok and Sindri took a bunch of measurements of him. Any idea what those are for?",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqj2bp,GoW 5 and how Kratos Being Dead Could Work (Slight Spoilers),"I’ve been a fan of the franchise for about a decade now. Despite what many people have said, this newest game is not the first time they have told a deep and meaningful story. All the past games are a tragedy about a man’s anger, hate, and selfishness, and how that brings the downfall of him, his loved ones, and the whole world. Really, it’s the anger and fear of everyone, which is a consistent theme in the original games. The new game doesn’t work nearly as well unless you know about the past adventures of Kratos, as they provide subtext for who he is, what he has done, and what he is capable of.

One of the things I wanted clarification on in 4 is, exactly what happened after 3? For all we know, the world could have restarted, this time with a Norse Pantheon, and it has been thousands of years, since Kratos is immortal. Past events have really only been touched on, and I think they need to be fleshed out in 5. It could explain who Tyr is, the giants, if there are multiple worlds (Greek, Norse, Egypt, Japanese). Most importantly, it would explain what Kratos’ sacrifice at the end of 3 really meant.

At the end of 4 we saw something that looked like foreshadowing of Kratos death. Anyone who has played the past games knows that you can’t really keep Kratos dead. He has canonically in pretty much most of his games, and he always escaped from the Underworld. That’s how bad ass he is. It seems like they might want to keep him dead, and the only way for that to work, is if he chooses to do so voluntarily.

Kratos is still carrying the sins of his past. One of the things that stood out to me, was the whole thing about him killing his father. Really, killing Zeus is at the bottom of the list of “Worst Things Kratos Has Ever Done”. Most obviously, his skin, which represents him murdering his family, ranks way up there. It is still a thing, but it is never alluded to as far as I know in 4. I think they were waiting to exfoliate further in the future.

I think Kratos should choose to stay dead, either after a sacrifice to save Atreus or someone else. It is well in his power to stay alive, but after his journey of really becoming a new man, he wants to truly atone for his sins. The world that he ended up destroying. He chooses to stay dead as a way to pay back everyone he has killed. And in the end, he meets his family, the one that he killed, and the ash from his skin peels away. I think that would be a beautiful way to end his story. It would represent him truly being free of his guilt, which has been his goal from literally the first screen of the original GoW 1. Of course, there is his other wife Faye, who I am not really attached to, since we never saw her and is newer, but I think she could be involved as well. Atreus learns from the example that Kratos’ has taught him, and picks up the mantle.

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: Kratos chooses to stay dead to atone for his sins. He meets his family and his ash-colored skin turns back to it's original color.",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bqdaue,Power levels,Gow 3 kratos stronger weaker or the same strength/power as gow 4,5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqbevt,What happened to the blades of exile,I thought the last blades kratos used was the blades of exile why are the blades of chaos being used in gow 4 not the blades  of exile,11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqerpn,Level 9,"So just came back to the game after a year and i want to get level 9.

Ive got all valkyrie and ivaldi gear and im willing to grind to upgrade those but will i be level 9 after they are upgraded. All my enchantments are level 6 and 7 epic. I have a feeling im going to need the shattered gauntlet of ages but its level 4. Is there a way to get level 9 without it?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqc3c8,Neflheim cipher help,"So, I may have not realized the new chest in the world serpent when I got Mimir's eye. Is there a way to get back in to the WS without doing new game +?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq8okn,Similar Titles?,"I ended up playing God of War because I couldn’t understand why RDR2 didn’t win game of the year... quickly realized why, and now it’s mg favorite game ever. 

Along with that, are there any games you all love that somewhat compare to this?",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqagh0,NG+ GMGOW Stuck in Niflheim,"I'm level around 8.6 or so, and I'm currently wearing Ivaldi's armor. I'm at a point where I can't upgrade anything without a greater crest of flame, or haze weave.   


I beat 5/8 Non-Queen Valks (Hildr, Gondul, and Kara aside). I know that you can get haze weave at the right hand big field (the left hand one being where Hildr resides).  I didn't finish the trials in Muspelhim but I feel that I would be underleveled.  


* Hildr is level 10 and has an unblockable move that's hard can't be countered at level 8
* The Enemies on the right hand big field are usually too powerful (1 or 2 hits and I die)  


What should I do? I can't upgrade any armor now, and I keep dying at the right hand field (beat it only once or twice but I barely made it out).",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpyk0h,This game is awesome.,Thanks to all involved with its creation,295,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq8opc,“God of War” is up for a Nebula Award—Here’s Where to Watch – VReview,https://vreviewblog.wordpress.com/2019/05/18/god-of-war-is-up-for-a-nebula-award-heres-where-to-watch/,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqgrah,Beard theory?,Maybe his beard is covering some scars or burn or something? Because he hasn’t shaved his beard and he doesn’t want it looking OG(Epic) like before 4,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq9e2w,Why were there novels for the first two God of War games but not the third?,"There were novels for the first two games, but there was never one for the third game. Was it ever explained why there wasn't one for the third game?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpzw52,Just finished the game. And wow.,"Amazing. From the gameplay, to the graphics, and amazing story telling. From the side quest, and big monster fights. And the cutscenes are soo good. I love how it's all 1 shot takes. This game compares to the excitement I've enjoyed from games like The Last Us and Red Dead. Fucking amazing. Master piece.",63,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq8lzm,New player here.,Just made it to the ravens cliffs and my dialogue said I picked up a crest of shadows but I can’t find it in my inventory. Any tips? TIA,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq32jw,God of war collection psn expired.,Last year I bought the god of war collection on the PS3. I opened it day and found out that the games I wanted to play have to be downloaded from psn. The voucher had an expiry date of 31st March 2019. Is there anything I can do to get the games? :(,8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bqa2lo,Getting 2 shotted by draugr,"So I beat the game on normal. Now I'm trying to to get through GMAC and it's not going so well at all. 

All the technique I got good with in the first playthrough isn't being used much as I have to run around enemies since one hit will take over half my health off (health fully upgraded). A basic draugr will 2 shot me and when there is more than 4 or 5 of them it seems near impossible to kill em all without taking 1 or 2 hits. 

If I'm having this much trouble getting to the lake how in hel am I supposed to fight the dark elves. 

I have axe fully upgraded and blades are 1 upgrade from max. Can't remember what armor by name but I know it's one of the purple sets with the red shoulder guard. 

Is it this difficult for you guys as well? Is it a gear/stat thing or is my skill just not honed enough. I understand how to parry and dodge but with enemy swarms and the camera it's hard not to take a hit every now and then between kills.

Starting to feel more and more like dark souls or bloodborne.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq9g2a,I hope they don't do Faye wrong like Sonya blade.,Damn,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq8vd4,My 1 complaint,"When kratos is in hel and atreus sees the time kratos fights Zeus kratos's voice is still by Christopher Judge and not Terrence C. Carson. 
So is the old voice not cannon or something?
Idunno but it feels cheap that they changed the voice of his past self for no reason.",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bqf57z,God of war Multiplayer,"Please, god of war fans and playstation fans alike, check out my petition to Bring Back God of war Multiplayer. https://www.change.org/p/cory-barlog-bring-back-god-of-war-multiplayer?recruiter=842775524&amp;utm_source=share_petition&amp;utm_medium=copylink&amp;utm_campaign=share_petition&amp;utm_term=share_petition       please Sign right now and share with anyone you know thay loves God of War we can all do this as a community, sign today",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq74r8,Can someone tell me the plot of GOW4 without spoilers?,"I don’t even have a PS4 so i’m not gonna get it ( for now ). From what i’ve seen it seems like just a “dad simulator”, and spoilerless things were all or nothing obviously so i decided to ask here. I’ve played every one except for Ascension so feel free to give spoilers except those 2. Thanks!",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bq6ny9,Newgame+ question,"So I just finished the story (amazing!) and wandered around and found some more interestingthings to do. But my question is, do I explore to the fullest now or start newgame+ and then further exploration? 
Are there materials that are important now or things that i should do before newgame+?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq6nd1,"Help with ""Hammer Fall"" Favor.","I have completed the favor. However the subsequent gate that opens for the legendary chest hasn't opened ( I think).  I've beaten the game and I am now working on 100% completion. However, I cannot due to this gate still being closed.  Any suggestions???",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpqwg5,The Art of God of War from Artstation,"&amp;#x200B;

I was searching Artstation one day when I found some God of War art that was nowhere in the God of War Artbook, so I decided to find the profiles of all the artists who have worked with Sony Santa Monica on this awesome game and have uploaded their designs on the website. Some of them are in the artbook while others are not.

&amp;#x200B;

Arranged in alphabetical order-

&amp;#x200B;

Aaron Contreras

[https://www.artstation.com/aaron3dart](https://www.artstation.com/aaron3dart)

Some props and environments of the game

&amp;#x200B;

Abe Taraky

Senior Concept Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/abe-taraky](https://www.artstation.com/abe-taraky)

Insane amount of stuff- Thor’s statue, Tyr’s statue, Niflheim, Muspelheim, Alfheim and other

&amp;#x200B;

Annis Naeem

Concept Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/annisnaeem](https://www.artstation.com/annisnaeem)

Helheim and Freya’s House

&amp;#x200B;

Arda Koyuncu

[https://www.artstation.com/qoyun](https://www.artstation.com/qoyun)

Thamur, Magni, some armours of Kratos and other stuff.

&amp;#x200B;

Brett Lo

[https://www.artstation.com/brettlo](https://www.artstation.com/brettlo)

Some regions near the Lake of Nine in Midgard

&amp;#x200B;

Cliff Schonewill

Senior Environment Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/figmentpigment](https://www.artstation.com/figmentpigment)

Some rooms in Tyr’s temple, Kratos’ home, Brok’s shop and the Grecian urn.

&amp;#x200B;

Dan McKim

[https://www.artstation.com/dmckim](https://www.artstation.com/dmckim)

the initial levels of the game.

&amp;#x200B;

Dave Hansan

[https://www.artstation.com/davehansan/albums/18826](https://www.artstation.com/davehansan/albums/18826)

The environments near the fallen Stone Mason.

&amp;#x200B;

Dela Longfish

Lead Character Concept Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/delalongfish](https://www.artstation.com/delalongfish)

Concept art of Atrues, elves, wulvers, Hel broods and some cute toys

&amp;#x200B;

Isabelle Lemay

Senior Staff Environment Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/isabelle\_lemay](https://www.artstation.com/isabelle_lemay)

Architecture of places near the Stone Mason

&amp;#x200B;

Jin Kim

Concept Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/jinkim](https://www.artstation.com/jinkim)

The coolest realm, Helheim

&amp;#x200B;

Joe M Kennedy

Senior Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/joemkennedy](https://www.artstation.com/joemkennedy)

Props and storyboards of the game

&amp;#x200B;

Jose Daniel Cabrera Peña

Concept Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/thrax](https://www.artstation.com/thrax)

Some of the earliest concepts of the game.

&amp;#x200B;

Jung Park

[https://www.artstation.com/jungpark](https://www.artstation.com/jungpark)

The drawings of Jotunheim forest which appears in the beginning of the artbook, along with some beautiful depictions of Midgard and Helheim.

&amp;#x200B;

Kevin Quinn

[https://www.artstation.com/kevinquinn](https://www.artstation.com/kevinquinn)

Tyr’s travel room and various awesome renders

&amp;#x200B;

Kyle Bromley

Senior Environment Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/kbrom3d](https://www.artstation.com/kbrom3d)

Some cool environments for Midgard like the regions in the forest and the mountain.

&amp;#x200B;

Luke Berliner

Lead Environment Concept Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/lukeberliner](https://www.artstation.com/lukeberliner)

Alfheim forest and temple, Tyr’s temple exterior and others

&amp;#x200B;

Mark Castanon

[https://www.artstation.com/markcastanon](https://www.artstation.com/markcastanon)

Faye’s funeral pyre, mountain mines and peak, Jotunheim, Lake of Nine and others

&amp;#x200B;

Melissa Smith

Senior Environment Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/melissasmith](https://www.artstation.com/melissasmith)

Tons of art, assets and props for the mountain interiors.

&amp;#x200B;

Nate Stephens

Principal Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/pombero](https://www.artstation.com/pombero)

Jotunheim, Helheim, forest, foothills of Midgard

&amp;#x200B;

Raf Grassetti

Artist Director

[https://www.artstation.com/grassetti](https://www.artstation.com/grassetti)

Character models of Kratos, Atreus, elves, draugrs and others

&amp;#x200B;

Raul Aparicio

Senior Environment Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/raul](https://www.artstation.com/raul)

The Peak’s Pass region of the mountain in Midgard.

&amp;#x200B;

Ryan Baker

[https://www.artstation.com/ryanbakerart](https://www.artstation.com/ryanbakerart)

Those insane looking maps of the realms

&amp;#x200B;

Sarah Wang

[https://www.artstation.com/sarah\_xinting\_wang](https://www.artstation.com/sarah_xinting_wang)

Assets like chest, the tree sap crystals, an amazing chandelier and environments including the dope looking realm between realms

&amp;#x200B;

Stephen Oakley

[https://www.artstation.com/possum](https://www.artstation.com/possum)

Crazy stuff like the dragons, serpent and trolls along with the tatzelwurms and nightmares.

&amp;#x200B;

Timo Pihlajamaki

Senior Staff Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/timpih](https://www.artstation.com/timpih)

Art of the new game as well as the old ones

&amp;#x200B;

Tom May

[https://www.artstation.com/bridgewindsoup](https://www.artstation.com/bridgewindsoup)

Tunnels of Peak’s Pass and some rooms and traps for Tyr’s temple.

&amp;#x200B;

Yefim Kligerman

Senior Concept Artist

[https://www.artstation.com/yefim\_kligerman](https://www.artstation.com/yefim_kligerman)

Loads of characters from trolls, Athena to the dead of Helheim along with some of the cool weaponry of the game.

&amp;#x200B;

Fan Art:

Enrique Martinez

[https://www.artstation.com/enrique\_grim\_art](https://www.artstation.com/enrique_grim_art)

This guy is not related to the studio I guess, but his designs of the Leviathan Axe, Mjolnir and &gt;!Blades of Chaos!&lt; are the most accurate to the game.

&amp;#x200B;

These are all the artists related to God of War that I found on Artstation. There are other artists who have worked on this game, but sadly I couldn’t find their profiles. Their names are mentioned though, in other artists’ works or in the physical game artbook. There may be other artists' profiles. If anyone finds them, please leave the link to their profiles in the comments and I will add them in the post.",175,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpt6ue,Question about combat/difficulty settings,"I just bought a PS4 and God of War yesterday, and I’m starting the game on Normal difficulty. 

I love the graphics and storyline so far, but I’m finding the combat a bit confusing and difficult to adapt to. I’m not someone who’s usually *great* at games, but I play virtually all story modes on ‘normal’ difficulty and don’t usually have an issue until late stages of the game. 

god of war is challenging for me though. It’s the first time in a game where I’ve died multiple times in a row at very early tutorial-like stages of the story, mostly because I’m struggling with when to throw the axe, when to fight up close, when to block, and when to tell the kid to shoot arrows. 

Is this something I’ll get the hang of as I continue the game? (I just started towards the mountain) Or will it get more difficult if I’m already struggling in the early stages?

**TLDR: I had to do the tutorial sequences and the fight against the Stranger like 10 times on Normal difficulty because I suck, should I stick it out or reduce the difficulty?**",65,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq49re,Does anyone else get Dragon Age vibes?,"Something about the new GoW reminds me a lot of Dragon Age in the best ways. Some of the design specifically brings me back to DA II, and walking between realms makes me think of the Fade. Even if it’s not intentional, I love seeing the influence of some of my favorite older games on new work!",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq1igj,"[New Game +] Is there any reason to keep this 80,653 XP burning a hole in my pocket?","I've acquired all skills and fully upgraded all runic attacks, is there any reason to keep it (such as it being a resource to buy\upgrade NG+ gear) or should I trade it for Hacksilver?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bq14gc,Midgame Armor? Gow4,"I currently have the level 3 metal-plated guard armor. I just got the blueprints for the three Realm of Fire armor sets, Traveler Armor, and can almost craft the breastplate for the Ancients armor set.

All of those are level 4 sets. The custom sets are cool and all, but it seems like by the time I get the necessary components they'll already be outdated. Right now I have access to the level 4 plated volunder armor, which is superior to one of the Realm of Fire sets, barring the perk and 36 additional strength.

Will this be the trend for armor in the future? Are their benefits worth the effort of attaining/stressing about getting what's required? Again, I really like the idea of them but they don't seem realistic. Thanks for the insight",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpwfv6,How would you rank the god of war games from best to worst?,"Here is my ranking. From best to worst

God of war 4
God of war 3
God of war 2
God of war 
God of war Ascension

I haven't played the other spinoffs so can't rank them.",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpldph,"I love this game even more, thanks to my little niece","I've been playing this game for quite some time. Since I bought it in august i've finished it almost 4 times, sometimes I just replay it from the begining just to fight Baldur again and again :)

I have a little niece, she's 6 years old and loves watching me play videogames (her personal favorite is The Evil Within 2, yeah, even with those scary moments, not adecuated for a child xD), and today I replayed GoW again. She was reluctantly at first. ""Not this one, play Sebastian's game"", refering to TEW 2, she said, but I told her, ""this game also has zombies"" (kinda). So she sit quietly and startes watching.

A few minutes after I started she understood the main plot! ""Her mom's dead?"" ""Who is that bearded man?"" (Baldur), ""Why he felt nothing?"" ""What is a God?"" I know these are some heavy shit for a 6yo. Dead, violence, religion, but I tried to explain it the best I could and she got it! She went to sleep but she made me promise her the next time I play GoW, I will tell her.

Santa Monica did an awesome work with this game, a simple plot but so deep. I never stopped to think about the themes it is about, until today, thanks to a little girl :)",291,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpxk39,Question about the game tied to mythology,"About Mjolnir. In mythology Mjolnir is made as a result of the story of Loki cutting Sif’s hair (Thor’s wife) and getting dwarves to make new hair as well as other gifts for the Gods. Mjolnir was Forged by Brokkr and Sindri just like they claim in the game. So if Atreus is Loki then is there a different way Mjolnir was made in God of War? Or am I just wasting time trying to think about all the details of the game tied to the mythology. I love the game and I know there are parts in the game that don’t happen in Norse mythology like the story of Jormungandr being sent back in time as a result of Ragnarok which is a short story minor tells but have I missed any story about the forging of Mjolnir other than Brokkr and Sindri claiming to have forged it in the end?

Made on mobile so sorry for any format problems",6,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bpxerd,End of game questions,"So I’m at the point where I’ve done Jotunheim and returned home for the Thor cutscene and I still have Niflheim to explore. I don’t have access to Asgard, Vanaheim and Svartalfheim. Is there a way to access those realms? And apart from valkyries are there any other story related activities to do?",5,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bpr7k5,My worry about the sequel(s),"First off I'd like to say, before playing this game I fucking hated Kratos. After playing GoW1-3 I found Kratos to be an irredeemable prick, which is why I put off playing this game for so long. Last week on a whim, I borrowed the game from a friend and finished(100%) it today, and I was thoroughly impressed. The game was so fucking good. To illustrate how much I enjoyed it: Spider-Man was a good game but I wouldn't buy a system for it, God of War is so goddamn good that I would buy a PS4 for it.

So my point is that one of the main reasons I enjoyed this game so much, as opposed to any of the previous games in the franchise, is its story. The premise to be more precise. Instead of an epic quest or a vengeance quest, it's just a personal journey for a father and son to fulfill their dead wife/mom's final wish. Whatever conflict that happened between the duo and the Aesir just so happened cause the gods got in their way.

So my worry is, especially cause of the implications of the ending, that the sequels won't be able to do the same set-up. Sure I'll probably still enjoy the ride, but I fear that I won't be as happy as I am with this one.",13,public,
GodofWar,t3_bptqy9,"Never played god of war, some questions","I have my summer break soon. How long would it realistically take me to marathon all the GOW games. Im thinking of playing god of war 1,2,3 and then the new one. I'm not bothered to play ascension tbh. Im mostly excited about the new game, would I be able to beat the first three games relatively quick?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpccmn,I've never felt more satisfied with fictional murder than I am right now,"Fuck you Sigrun. Edit: I was really hyper when I came up with that title. Sorry.

With your undodgeables and your lack of telegraphing. And GMGOW+ difficulty.

For anyone wondering:

Hel's touch (consistently stuns her), River of knives(also stuns consistently and deals a lot of damage),Nemean crush, Hyperion Grapple, Talisman of the Realms

The best axe pommel is the forbidden grip of ages because it makes Pride of the Frost your strongest normal move.

Every time she does the Staff aoe, hit her with an axe throw, Hyperion grapple and Nemean crush her and then use the talisman to spam blade switch stance heavy attack. This deals a lot of damage and there's nothing she can do abou it. For everything else, punish with pride of frost.

The undodgeable I'm talking about is when she does the wing swipe into a guard breaking attack. You can't dodge out of the way of the guard break (if you can, I wasn't able to). Sometimes she also does the unblockable wing stab out of nowhere (only seen it when her eyes glow)

Zeus armor and Sindri chest+. Cannot imagine how long it would take without Zeus armor.

Atreus' only uses are wolves for free stun, resurrection stones and the occasional healing stone that *might* make a difference (ground fire and small ice shards don't instantly kill you)

Not the hardest thing I've ever done, but really goddamn satisfying.

I am now going to wreck shop on normal mode.",390,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bprqjs,God of war theories for God of war 2,"This theory is thought by me, I do not know if someone has posted it before


God of war 2 (Nordic Saga)

I would start with kratos in the sindri and brok store (the one in the temple of Tyr in the lake of the 9) talking to them while they improve the ax (with some new skill).

In the conversation between Sindri, Brok and Mimir (who would follow in the waist of kratos) comment that the Fimbulvetr is ending but that during the great snowfall the lake has frozen.

That at this moment you just improve the ax and they tell you to go to the lake of the nine (completely frozen) to taste it. At that moment you see that the platform to call Jormungandr goes down and that she drops Atreus (and notes as a tremor that jormungandr has moved) and tells you that she has been talking to her (friends)

At that moment you are ready to go to the lake of the 9 to try it. (Here would start the gameplay) You kill a couple of enemies to get control of the character and the ax (as a tutorial plan, as in previous games)

Once killed a couple of enemies, as Sindri and Brok have told you that the Fimbulvetr is running out a kinematics that the frozen ground of the lake begins to break and has to run to the temple of Tyr, while enemies chase you (more than anything they run so that they do not fall into the water either) at the end kratos and atreus arrive at the temple before the ground thaws.

After this they would go home with the portal in the store.

(This part that I just described would be like the tutorial of the game, as the part since you start at 1 until before the fight with baldur, but in the game that takes about 40-50 min)

Once at home the final cinematic of 1 would come out in which Thor leaves, but this time it is not a dream and you have to face it. (This would be the classic boss at the beginning of the game)

The fight would be in several phases

  -  Phase 1: Thor tells us why he is going for us and kratos and atreus have no choice but to go for him. The combat would be very frenetic and spectacular (As practically everyone in the saga). Once we eliminate almost all of Thor's life, there would be a cinematic in which atreus takes the stone to travel through the portals between the kingdoms (We as a player would not know where he is going at that moment) 

  -  Phase 2: This phase would be the same as the first one but this time without daring (so you can not help us with your arrows) an equally spectacular combat with incredible Thor movements like throwing hammer rays or taking energy absorbing rays with the hammer to then attack with more force. Once removed almost the entire life bar would come another cinematic.
In this we would see how Kratos and Thor chop the Leviathan ax and the Mjolnir making sparks fly while in the distance we see Jormungandr approach in the distance with atreus on his head.
Jormungandr with anger goes to Thor to eat it, but Thor hits Kratos skyward and Thor goes with him, landing the 2 on the back of Jormungandr while this is the only thing he gets with his bite is to destroy the house of Kratos and atreus


  -  Phase 3: Phase 3 would be the last part of the fight where Thor and Kratos would fight on Jormungandr's back as it moves through the skies. By removing almost all the bar of life to Thor we would see another cinematic where we would see that Thor goes to the head of Jormungandr running, and just when he reaches it jumps and charges the hammer with thunder falling from the sky to strike a death Punch.
Jormungandr would fall dead on the lake of the nine, falling on top of the temple of Tyr destroying it completely while Kratos and atreus jump from its back to the mainland along with Thor. Thor would realize that he has just killed his mortal enemy of Ragnarok thinking he can dodge the prophecies that he would die at the hands of Jormungandr. So he would quickly go to Asgard to tell the other gods that prophecy can be avoided and that no one is certain death. This would make Thor even more arrogant than he already is by believing he can not die (he's clearly wrong)

This would no longer be the continuation of the game but the continuation of the fight against Thor

In the same game but later (possibly at the end of the game) Kratos and Thor (Thinking Thor who is immortal) would fight, but Kratos would kill Thor with the ax that would be impregnated with the poison of the serpent (This happens the first time we we find Jormungandr in God of War, when Kratos throws his ax to the lake of the 9 and returns the ax to us, in that precise moment in God of War we get a message saying Imbuido de Eitr or Eirt Imbued in English)

This would be my beginning and the death of Thor for the next God of War    



I'm sorry for my English",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpqtjc,"Talon Bow upgrade bug, can't upgrade my bow anymore.","Hi all, I'm encountering a bug and have no idea how to fix it or if a fix is even possible. I beat the game a year ago when it first came out and put it aside since I had other games to play at the time. I started it up last night to try and 100% it and start over on NG+. The first thing I did was went into the skills to start purchasing everything I didn't already have and noticed some of Talon Bow upgrades were locked stating I had to upgrade the bow first before I could unlock them so I went to see Brok and Sindri. I can't find the upgrade bow option anywhere in the upgrade section.

&amp;nbsp;

Doing a search I see that others encountered a similar bug months ago, but it looks like it was addressed in a patch which resolved the issue for some. Sadly I'm still having the issue. 

&amp;nbsp;

https://old.reddit.com/r/GodofWar/comments/9c0als/talon_bowquiver_upgrade_bug/

&amp;nbsp;

Has anyone else encountered this? Suggestions on how to resolve it? Should I just try starting my NG+ now? If all my stuff carries over then I should be able to upgrade the rest of the way in the new game assuming the bug is corrected on the NG+.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bplah3,I just bought the game its coming this saterday,I'm hyped boyss,16,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpswol,Director's Live Interview,"Recently I went back to Ghost of Sparta on the Origins Collection (I sold my PSP version long ago) and started watching the [Game Directors Live video](https://youtu.be/0QEwdTVhTOE) included on the disc. It's honestly fascinating to watch now, knowing where the series went after Ascension turned out lackluster. Something that really stands out is that a lot of what these guys are saying- particularly Jaffe and Barlog- seem to foreshadow the direction taken by God of War PS4. It's even clearer after watching [Raising Kratos](https://youtu.be/lJZWKBDXXFY). Some examples: 

Jaffe says that Kratos' story is essentially a guy who puts work in front of his family and loses them. Made me instantly think of Christopher Judge's interview in the doc.

Apparently Barlog was the one who came up with Kratos hugging his wife and child during the Ares fight, which added emotion to the fight.

There was plenty of talk about how they wished they could have dived more into Kratos as a person.

I'd definitely recommend checking it out.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpdo28,The Midgard Serpent is really huge!," [https://imgur.com/gallery/QyQ8TFy](https://imgur.com/gallery/QyQ8TFy) 

Has anyone else noticed this? That snake is way bigger than it appeared to be in the game.",89,public,
GodofWar,t3_bplszd,Your Ideas on Future Games,"So we all know that there's gonna be two more games, I was just wondering what would you like to see happen in the next game. Gameplay, story, character development anything maybe even some theory's that yous have that you'd like to come true.",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bppnc3,[Spoilers] Who was your favourite God that kratos killed,For me it was Hephaestus dude was just trying to protect his daughter I almost cried when I was falsed to kill him,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bposm0,Noob question for axe pommel,Does equiped axe pommel provide stats and special effect even if you switch to bare hand or blade of chaos? Seems weird but otherwise it make no sense since there is one effect that provide health burst on axe kills and one provide health burst on executioner's cleave with high perk chance.,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpjk61,Any idea who called the serpent?,I cant think of anyone with a reason to do it.,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpjqzn,Valkyries and Atreus,"First time I played the game I really rushed through it, now on the replay I am actually doing side content and what I was really looking forward to was the Valkyrie fights.

Spoilers ahead, just to be safe.



I just got the chisel and decided to pick up the blades of chaos before calling it a night yesterday. Really wanted to kill a Valkyrie or two for the loot today, but realized I don't have Atreus with me anymore. Can I still fight them or am I pushed into heading straight to Hel?

I am level 5 so I might be able to handle the easier of them, but the question is more will the game actually let me do side content while Atreus is out of the picture?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpj1dy,Something that has been bugging me about zeus,"So ever since i finsished god of war 3 i kept wondering what happened to zeus, After getting killed by kratos we see his body being pulled  by a a some kind of  lightning storm,  i have been wondering, which relam did he go to after his death ?",6,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bp6qye,Do you think Kratos could turn into a woodpecker like Zeus turned into a eagle?,Since that was the bird associated with Ares.,249,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpdr9f,"When god of war 5 comes to ps5, there's a chance Freya could be the final boss.","Obviously thor is gonna be the objective next game, but I think Freya might challenge kratos after the defeat of thor. I can't explain it, but I believe it will most likely happen. Please tell me your thoughts about this.",12,public,
GodofWar,t3_bphf0n,Spoilers! Question about Tyr's temple during a quest.,"So during the Quest ""A path to Jotunheim"", Kratos flips the temple in order to access that Unity Stone. After we flip the temple, the tree is upside down. Atreus even mentions that the tree is upside down. Kratos then grabs the unity stone, the quest ends, and then the temple is somehow flipped again, because the tree is rightside up again. How is this possible?",4,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bpeer9,A guide to skap slag and XP/hacksilver exploits in NG+,"Anyone who's tried to upgrade equipment in new game plus will know just how expensive it all can be. Purchasing and fully upgrading a full set of armour can cost over a million hacksilver and almost 200 skap. If you're looking to upgrade all the armour, pommels and talismans then expect to have to do around 4-5 full playthroughs of the game, and to repeatedly grind the challenge realms for rare crafting materials.

&amp;#x200B;

But there is a certain quirk in the game that can be exploited to farm XP and/or skap slag at a rate that can net you very large amounts in no time. The exploit utilises the way the game saves progress. In certain situations, if you complete a labour you will be awarded XP for it. However if you are killed in combat, or restart from last checkpoint before proceeding to the next one, then the labour is reset to where it was before the encounter, but you still keep the XP you were awarded. To give an example, if you have already shattered 29 frozen enemies before your next encounter, then freeze and shatter the next draugr you see. Doing so will net you 3500 XP or more, depending on your multiplier (in my case I get 3500 x 1.65 = 5775 XP). Now restart checkpoint and do it again for another deposit of XP. Do this as often as you want before moving on and cashing in all your XP.

&amp;#x200B;

If you stack a few labours so they are all near completion then you could clear them all in each reset for a much larger XP injection. If the labours you complete give skap slag, then that too can be stacked in some cases, but not others (for example opening the final Jotnar shrine cannot be exploited since it autosaves and sets a new checkpoint).

&amp;#x200B;

I recorded a couple of videos to show a few examples.

&amp;#x200B;

I've posted this [first clip](https://youtu.be/MctU5hlQ2cE) before, showing a very quick and simple way to duplicate skap slag. Can be done the first time you visit Muspelheim and Niflheim. u/owkle pointed out that there was an even more efficient way to do it, so I decided to record the next clip to show it.

&amp;#x200B;

In this [second clip](https://youtu.be/4S9G5oz4IYU), I had already summoned Atreus' runic 59/60 times, discovered all hidden chambers and opened 6/7 of them. I travelled to the beach in Alfheim where the final doorway is and summoned my 60th runic for 5775 XP then opened the hidden chamber for another 3102 XP plus 9 skap (if I hadn't already discovered the door before then it might be possible to get 18 skap here, untested). Thamur's corpse is an even better choice of location for this exploit since it is much faster to reach it than this beach in Alfheim.

&amp;#x200B;

In this [third clip](https://youtu.be/GA7VKqaXKhk), I had already shattered 28/30 frozen enemies, tripped 97/100, and cleaved 45/50. Completing these labours on the first few enemies gets me 12787 XP each time.

&amp;#x200B;

Taking that last clip further, here is a [fourth clip](https://youtu.be/b1RcHjXkd5Y) showing a longer (failed) run of the 100 enemy challenge. In this one I completed the labours for shattering 30, cleaving 50, and tripping 100 enemies, killing 400 draugr, 15 travellers, and 20 trolls, for a gain of 30,000 XP in a few minutes work. This is my preferred way of ""grinding"" since I enjoy the combat and am working on completing this challenge with the Zeus armour anyway.",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpkbol,Things that bother me about Niflheim,"* The rarity of finding Anchor Fog &amp; Haze Weave
* Getting deadlocked in terms of upgrading armor &amp; starting the realm tear mission due to this
* Getting hit because you barely touch the spinning wheels
* Getting killed because you're want to exit an enemy arena but you're waiting on the spinning wheels or slamming walls",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpid3d,Helheim,"I’m in helheim and I remember Freya saying to never cross the bridge of the damned but there is a huge gap in the bridge. Does this mean I can’t even get across? I’ve done the Valkyrie and the bridge keepers heart so far, is there anything else I can do in helheim?",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bpe82s,Sequel Dates,"When does everyone think the sequel will be released? Furthermore, when do you think we get any information regarding the game, such as a trailer or some sort of reveal?",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_boy434,Does time pass faster in Jotunheim?,My friend recently finished the game and is telling me how time passes faster in Jotunheim so that is why Ragnarok is closer.,306,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bp6zco,Are Giants “Giant” Giants or aren’t Giants Giant?,"Early on in the most recent game Kratos mentions how some place is built rather small for giants. Atreus returns “giants are just another race of people!” and implies that the regular sized structures are common. Fey was a giant, and she is presumed to be average size. Atreus is a giant and he is also average. The hall you go through seems average size, and the mural on the wall couldn’t have been made by megolodon sized fellas. But when you go to spread Fey’s ashes, you see hundreds of gigantic corpses strewn over the mountains of Jotunnheim. The giant’s corpse in midgard is also enormous. So are they Giants or just giants?",22,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bpeyvn,"I absolutely love this game, but...","I was honestly hoping for Scandinavia instead of “Fantasy world #5,070,009”. Don’t get me wrong, I love fantasy, but the previous games took place in Ancient Greece. They could have still called it Midgard, but I was hoping for medieval Scandinavia.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bp5gau,Farming. Gung-Ho VS 100%,"Hello everyone :)

I recently did a couple of runs of the game in order to get them sweet shields at gmGoW mode, and thought of mentioning something of potential interest to some:

A straight run to finish the game, meaning only doing the absolutely minimum and not looting anything outside immediate proximity, farmed about 150 Skap Slags and 500k Silver.

On the full run, that is every chest, quest, drop and mob that exists in the game, gave about 800 Skap Slags and 3M Silver.

Not entirely sure on the numbers but somewhere there.  
Just mentioning in case people wanna do some farming rounds to max out all gear and weaponry in the game.  

Have fun :))",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_bp9ix2,If anyone’s bored I’m starting a give me god of war run,I’m keepbeingyou on twitch. I remember the first time I tried this mode it took me at least an hour to beat the first big mob it introduces you too haha.,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bp8udt,Another beginner question.,Are Niflheim and Muspelheim regions I should save until after I’ve completed the main story missions? How about the Valkyrie?,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bpcii8,Assassins Creed (Ragnarok),Does anybody think that the new Assassins Creed game that is rumored to be called Ragnarok is just trying to ride the success of GoW?    Do you think with an AC game about Norse mythology on top of GoW feel like too much of a good thing? Assuming that rumor will be true?,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bp0a1t,GoW PS4,"Wasn’t really sure what to make the title of such a random post but, I bought this game used because I honestly wasn’t sure if I’d enjoy it...... Yea I was wayyyy the fuck off. Possibly the best game I’ve ever played.

Anyway, does the “New” version of the game (unopened casing) come with a booklet or anything inside? Or is it just the disc. 

I ask solely from desire to own every bit of what comes with the game. I’m truly amazed.",21,public,
GodofWar,t3_bop79f,Completed The Journey as a gamer without sight,"I know some of you are probably already aware of my interest in this game through previous posts.  Finally though, I can now say I've completed The Journey (no, I haven't gone home yet but I plan to do so next session).

I can definitely see why the game has won so many awards and why so many, myself included, have taken it to heart and enjoyed it through the rollercoaster of emotions that comprise the game's plot.  Even though I couldn't play this game by myself, the experience of playing the game with sighted assistance lent extra weight to the bonding of the narrative simply because myself and my CoPilot had to work together to overcome obstacles, as attempting to circumvent the other's will or idea could and often did, lead to death, frustration, or both.

I'm happy to answer any questions you have about my experiences with the game and I appreciate that I can now read this subreddit in peace. :)

Even though PS4 isn't my platform of choice due to inaccessibility outside the US, I can definitely say I'm really looking forward to the next game.

Well done to everyone at SMS for the creation of a fantastic game that will live on for many years and hopefully decades to come.",323,public,
GodofWar,t3_bp092n,Favorite Kratos Quote,"""Greed. You will find it a common cause for war.""

That is my favorite quote out of the game because I kinda find this to be true in the real world. What's your favorite quote in the game?",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_box4y5,THEORY,"In God of war 4 we get to know that atreus is Loki and he killed baldur(like in the mythology) do you think he gets punished for that just like Loki in thr Mythology and when Kratos rescues him RAGNARÖK is starting.

Edit:or maybe Kratos is send to Valhalla when he dies in battle and fights his way out of there...
Wait that doesnt make sense the Valkyries are killed/trapped

Let me know what you think",17,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bp5exr,Is it worth it (upgrading)?,"Is it worth the money and the resources to upgrade all my gear (everything is blue rarity at the moment), or should I try to save it and wait until I can get the really good stuff at end game?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bordxx,"""This tree is a metaphor for the God Of War franchise. We chop it down, carry it around and then burn it.""","I've played through the game 2 times now, and currently half way through my third playthrough. I know in the next game we're probably going to lose Kratos, and possibly the entire franchise. But hearing Corey say that line in ""Raising Kratos"" really hit home that after all the hours, memories and experiences I've had and felt while playing through and growing up with the God of war franchise, that it's nearly coming to an end. Even a year on it still amazes me how much effort, blood and sweat the guys at Santa Monica really put into this game for all of us. Thanks so much guys, for everything.",114,public,
GodofWar,t3_bos3pi,Jotunheim Mural,"Hello everyone :) 

&amp;#x200B;

I started a new game at Give Me God of War level so I get those two shields, and when I arrived at Jotunheim to spread the ashes, I watched this amazing cinematic again.     

&amp;#x200B;

Then, at the last mural where Kratos is supposed to die by Jörmungandr I noticed something: 

&amp;#x200B;

This is **NOT** Kratos!   
In all other murals, Kratos has a plain red pteruga (skirt) with a simple pattern.   

On the last mural, it's entirely another one, with different pattern, colours, and what appears to be' more characteristically Nordic than Hellenic.    

Lastly, the figure's right arm is missing.   

&amp;#x200B;

And then it stroke me: It was **Tyr** sacrificed his right arm to Fenrir, the giant wolf (and son of Loki) in the Nordic Sagas!!  

&amp;#x200B;

I also noticed at late game that Atreus/Loki, has his Father's Spartan Chiton wrapped around his waist, the same that Kratos had his Blades wrapped and kept!! 

&amp;#x200B;

The beauty of this game is unparalleled, every single detail is marvellous &lt;3",76,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bopfpp,"The first ogre that attacked Kratos said something to him in a strange language, what did the ogre mean in English?",[A video of what the ogre said](https://youtu.be/xO6aTIr7rSM),118,public,
GodofWar,t3_boxeit,Tips on GOW 3 titan mode?,"I’m trying to get platinum on GOW 3 and apparently there is a cheat you can do to get infinite heal but every time I die in the combat arena the game freezes - with or without the patch 1.03.  Is this cheat only on remaster? Do you guys have any other tips for titan mode?

Edit: I have the original not the remaster.",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_boyqyp,Quests,Could I leave the side quests till end game or does it sort of expire if you leave it out?,4,public,
GodofWar,t3_boyp7b,Realms in Nordic Mythology,Are the realms you're visiting in GOW other kingdoms on the same earth(midgard) or are these realms other planets accross space?,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bozwed,Best non-grindy armor set,"I just wanted some input on the best armor sets for people that don't have time to grind for Mist Echoes/ Smouldering Ember.

As i see it there's 3 options:

World serpent set(Runic), true warrior set(strength)  or the arcane might set(balanced).

Thanks for the tips in advanced.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bp0vk1,Anchor of fog,"I've killed the valkyrie, sometimes I even have enough time to go through the maze twice, but I still can't find the last one. I've even restarted my ps4, increased luck to 140, still can't find any. What do I do ?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bp178t,Why does the older games get so much hate,"I really don't get of how the older games get so much hate to the point where someone say's they should not be associated with the new GOW 

Why is that?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bp0zyy,"Why don't people like the ""Kratos is Tyr"" theory?","So I only recently joined this subreddit. And I commented on a post talking about the ""Kratos is Tyr"" theory and got downvoted. Is that a theory that people don't like around here? Why not?",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bol3n5,Idunn apple locations,"I missed some Idunn apples during the story, such as inside the mountain after the dragon fight. Can I go back to those places again?",105,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bol7bj,Originals playthrough,Playing through the originals for the first time. Just completed 2. Is it worth me playing the side games or should I just hit up 3 and then on to the new one?,37,public,
GodofWar,t3_boszjw,Any reason not to lower difficulty?,"I just finished this fantastic game for the first time, on GMAC. I think I’d like to go through and platinum, but I’m considering lowering the difficulty. I think there’s unlocks for GMGOW, but is it correct that I wouldn’t gain anything from staying on GMAC except my own pride?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bottwa,How do you think Kratos has changed from the beginning of the game to the end in the latest God of War?,"I mean, he still has that same stern and intimidating demeanor from the beginning. Though he does seem more ""open"" in terms of listening to Atreus and also understanding how important his responsibilities as a god are. But other than that, I don't see much change.",2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bor2v3,[Spoilers] How powerful are the blades of chaos,"Right of the bat we are going to go into different versions of the blades so in the 2018 GOW reboot it's said that no magic or fire can be used in hell but the blades light up which goes into perfect sync of how Ares made the blades from the deepest pits of the Greek hell.

 After kratos kills Ares he receives the more powerful blades of Athena which were made with not a warrior in mind but a God during the beginning these blades are powerful enough to wound and kill a God unlike the blades of chaos. 

At the beginning of GOW 3 kratos falls into the river Styx and the blades of Athena are destroyed and rusted but are recreated into the blades of exile by Athena these are the most powerful iteration not only do they contain strong fires but they can also be infused with different other magical properties and are powerful enough to be able to destroy the heart of a Titan which aligns perfectly with what Ares wanted a weapon in the hands of a warrior that could kill a God my belief is that these blades are powerful enough to kill and defeat a Titan,God,fury even the God of death himself survive and ignite in the harsh environments of Hell what do you think of the power of these blades considering that they are kratos primary weapons.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_boavmv,Anybody else just so obsessed with God of War 4 atm?,"Idk I played this game last year closer to release and now I’ve finished it again and I’m playing new game +. I love it so much, the soundtrack, lore, character development and man the fight scenes are just plain epic, not to mention the ending never disappoints always bringing a tear to ones eye. I could easily put this up there alongside dark souls as one of my favorites of all time, I’ve even taken an interest in mythology, started reading the Iliad (couldn’t find any Norse myth equivalents) anyway rant over. Excuse the shitty grammar and format, mobile users have it rough lol

Edit: So glad to see everyone as into it as I am 😩

Edit: thank you all for all the lovely suggestions on books. I’ll sure as hell be picking them all up, in fact I’ve already started on Norse Mythology by Neil Geiman and I’m loving every bit of it, thank you all :)",433,public,
GodofWar,t3_bon3jy,NG+ help,"Hey guys, just started new game plus on Give Me God Of War setting
What are your recomendations on runic attacks and armor?",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_boqcqe,Can I make the dot in the center of the camera more visible?,"You know that little dot in the center of the hud, when aiming? I can barely see it when I'm getting ready to throw my axe, and it makes me waste a few seconds finding it and by then the bell has stopped ringing or my enemy has moved. Can I make it bigger, or a different color?",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_boot7v,Hacksilver Farming NG+,"I'm familiar with the two more popular methods of farming which are the hidden chamber exploit and the labor farming exploit, but i have seen a few people mention they've been patched. Is this true? And if so have any other methods been found?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_boned6,God Of War Theories,"GOD OF WAR SPOILERS AHEAD

At the end of the game we see the plot twist in which Atreus reveals to his father that he is Loki. According to Norse mythology and in particular the myth of the assassination of Baldur, loki hands the mistletoe to another god (who is blind, to keep in mind), and makes him throw it at Baldur, killing him.
But if this myth had been completely ""copied"", that is, the blind god in this case was kratos who, he killed Baldur as if he were the blind god, only a link between Atreus and Baldur? In the next gow maybe you will discover with a huge plot twist, that in all this, kratos was nothing but a pawn to pave the way for Atreus for a much much bigger journey?
If so, having empathized a lot with the two guys, I hope my theory will be denied .. I don't know if I could handle it emotionally xD

Sorry for my bad english

A Passionated Gamer",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bonv13,Niflheim on GMGOW+ is impossible.,I am not worthy. It's not even the mist that kills me. It's the fucming enemies. I dont know why but they're really hard to beat this time around. Probably because of the amount of variation in enemies but goddamn is it frustrating.,6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bokwsx,What to do after the story?,"Okay, so I've finished the main story and now I want to go for the platinum trophy, where do I go from here?",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_borhzr,Need help,"I’ve completed the game and saved all three dragons, I should have all 5 dragon tears but I don’t, I spent two on the Shattered Gauntlet of Ages but I somehow don’t have the fifth tear, and yes I’ve gotten the one at the Forgotten Caverns. The only Dragon I can think of is Hraezlyr but I’ve beat the game so idk..
Any help?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_boot77,How far into the game do I encounter valkyries?,I’m up to the part where I use the chisel to enter Tyr’s vault on the main storyline and I’ve done some exploring. I’m currently in muspelheim for the first time doing these challenges and I’m yet to find a Valkyrie. I’ve been to the 8 thrones just by exploring but that’s all I’ve seen. Do I have to look up a way to find the valkyries?,2,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_boon1g,What gods would you like to fight?,"Hello everyone, I just finished another run of GoW and I started to wonder and appreciate how the creators managed to create some many different and unique fight with the bosses from the Greek trilogy to the current norse game, now after giving some thoughs and playing a bit smite, I started to wonder if the franchise continues, what gods would the people of this subreddit would like to fight more than anything.

My personal top 5:

1)Susano: The god of the storm and the most violent among the shinto pantheon, I am sure Kratos will get a lot of fights with him because of his short temper, besides his powerful sword could be a good match against the blade of chaos

2) Set: This guy is a shapeshifting and one of the most evil jerks in the egyptian pantheon, seriously this guy actually could even be a great main villain for a whole trilogy

3) Sun Wukong: While I know this fight could be one sided since Wukong is very OP but c'mon Wukong vs Kratos has a lot of potential to be one of the most espectacular fight of the franchise, since the monkey king has a lot of varieties of magic and martial techniques that can add a lot of unique mechanics and a veyr flashy fight

4) Bellona: Roman Goddess of war, although I think i want this fight more because I want to see the reaction of Kratos at the moment he sees a new pantheon of gods dominating Greece with Iron fist again.

5) Huītzilōpōchtli: This guy is the god of human sacrifices, sun and war, basically the patron god of the aztec empire and a very vicious one. Basically Kotal Kahn from the new mortal kombat games got huge inspirations from this guy",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_boderk,The feeling of growing up with Kratos.,"Some spoilers ahead. You've been rewarned.

When the first God of War came out, I was about 15. It was clearly an adult game with loads of violence and sex. Initially took an interest because for a ps2 game it looked amazing, then I played it. And realised that the graphics and scale were just the beginning. The two major sequels after that were true to form and incremental improvements. 2nd one was a slight letdown in terms of not being able to slay major gods. 3 was incredible. The violence, the personal nature of the rage, the ascension of Athena after the fall of Olympus, the Blades through all this. All amazing. Special notable point, its exclusives like this that have kept me with the ps consoles. Once I played GoW3, I thought maybe this is the end.
Then a new God of War was announced. And they didn't call it 4. I knew things would change, I didn't know whether I wanted that or not.
I'd been trying to look up reviews and because of some algorithm I received this YouTube notification which showed me that Athena and the Blades were in this game. I then decided I didn't want to know. I got the game on digital, thought they deserved full price with no middle men after all this time.
By God, did they deserve it. From the first fight with Baldur, every Valkyrie, the Elves, the puzzles, the storytelling and the portrayal of a calmer and more intelligent father. Kratos was a father in game 1 but he didn't really embrace it until game 3 where he suddenly felt fatherly for Pandora. 

Also one huge thing that changed between the original series and now is that I became a big brother to a sister 18 years younger than i. The whole father figure thing started to make sense. I understood Kratos well in this game and from the documentary it was clear that Cory Barlog reshaped Kratos because of his little girl. Weird how that worked out. Whether it was the emotion of Freya wanting to protect her son by sacrificing herself, or Kratos accepting his fate as just being a vehicle for Arteus becoming what he's meant to be. The strong ties of family and friendship binds you to the story of the game. And the Valkyries, they help you to value your soul because, you pretty much have to give a part of it to survive those beasts.
It's been a journey, maybe God of War has been a total of 200 hours of my life. But those 200 have affected me as a person, whether it's about having an outlet for rage whilst being entertained or to truly understand humans, humanity and growth. The 4 game console journey along with one handheld one has shown me things I won't otherwise have known, but most importantly it has given me the timely life lessons of controlling and using your rage, moving on from tragedy, and finally valuing relationships like nothing else has.
Kratos has been raised well.",23,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bot1b4,Off topic,"But don't you just hate it when you take shrooms and you think there duds so a couple hours later you take more and right after taking more, the shrooms from before kick in.. lame bro.

 but also cool",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo2d64,[Spoilers] Would you want a GOW cinematic universe.,"I know not many people would even like the          
idea considering that video game movie are either average at best and a nightmare at worst (insert sonic movie image here) but here me out. 
 
God of war has always had a cinematic feel to it especially the openings which push the consoles to there limit the Hydra in GOW 1 the statue of Rhodes in GOW 2 and the gods vs titans in GOW 3 and the awesome fight Scean in GOW 4 it feels like even the creators cared about the story. 
 
Especially the lore don't even get me started on the lore which is outstanding so much mystery in the air anyway I think it can translate well to the cinemas especially with the surprise hit of detective pikachu any way what do you think would you want GOW to have film version or not.",235,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo7ao7,Starting Give me God of War right now.,"Wish me luck. 

Any tips? 

Fuck me this is hard.",22,public,
GodofWar,t3_boh5qj,Loved this game until BOY got shitty,It was fun but then I guess BOY reached teenage years? So annoying. Kids are the worst.,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo84k1,Is God of war Ascension the worst God of war game?,"Weird camera angles, not a memorable story, weird deaths made it my least favorite game. The combat and changed controls also ruined things. I have played all the games in the main series and given this was a prequel it was the worst God of war game that I have played.",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo95l0,An Idea for a New Way To Fight,"So anyone that has played the new game knows that you get the Blades of Chaos back, and you get to use them, which is pretty awesome, the only thing is, you either use them or the Axe at a time. Obviously you can switch between them, but wouldn't it be cool to be able to use one Blade and the Axe at the same time, imagine the awesome combos of throwing the Blade to pull them into the Axe or throwing the Axe and Blade at the same time and summoning them back to you, or pulling them in the Blade's case. I just think it would be cool to see both used at the same time, does anyone else agree?",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bocei3,Interesting tidbit about Sigrun battle.,"Just finished the epic battle with Sigrun on my 4th playthrough and noticed something .
I saved my game progress manually just before the fight, with the hopes of engaging Sigrun again at will . But once I defeated her and reloaded the game from the previous save, the realm tear just gave me dust of realms and closed out! 

Looks like the developers made sure this epic battle can only be experienced once during an ENTIRE playthrough (Well, before that she kicks your ass about a million times over).

As if there wasn't enough incentive to start another playthrough.

Here we go again......",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bocvg4,What build do you find is best for getting gold on the Muspelheim challenge where you have to kill 70 enemies or more before time runs out? Playing GMGOW NG.,"Replaying the game again, and I've had surprising difficulty with this challenge this time around. Not in terms of staying alive, but rather when it comes to killing enemies fast enough.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_boalie,How do you think Kratos's tale will end?,"It's not even something I've really thought about until today, but Kratos's story can't go on forever (as sad as it is to say). 

Anyways, my main thought was after Santa Monica has told their story with Kratos, it'll be a lot like Logan [SPOILER] where he dies at the end but has a heartfelt moment with someone (I'm not 100% sure Atreus is going to live the whole series). I'd love to hear some other thoughts.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo3v98,The OG Trilogy,"I am on my second play through of this awesome game and still enjoying the hell out of it like I did the first time. However, it’s more apparent to me that I could be enjoying it just a little more if I played the OG trilogy. 
My question is should I invest into it? I watched a few videos on the story of the older games before I dwelled into this one because I wanted to at least know a few things before I got into it.
What are your guys thoughts?",14,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo5fv5,"A ""Thank You"" to Santa Monica, and a question.","My son recently said to me *""Hey, let's play GoW again, it was fun the first time""*.    

And to our surprise we saw the Plus Update.   

That was one of the nicest moments in my gaming ""career"".    

&amp;#x200B;

It is so pleasant to finally get  to see all suits, and gear, as also to get that complete depth that this game has to offer, and all that for free' no extra charge.  

So Thank You Santa Monica Studios, that was that sweet cherry on top of that masterpiece you made.  

&amp;#x200B;

One think I would like to mention for the sequel of the new God of War, is that I would very much like it if we could continue from our last save on this game.   

One thing that has switched me off and got me exhausted about the previous games of the series, was that somehow Kratos would always magically lose absolutely all his gear and powers and start  over again, and again, and again (so the games are challenging and you get to build up gear and abilities), but that's something that is absolutely not necessary any more.

&amp;#x200B;

Instead of losing everything for some X silly reason, Kratos (us) could keep all that he worked for, and find better gear and more abilities on the other game.   

The mobs don't need to be level one and we fighting with a stick again.  

They can be level 12.  

&amp;#x200B;

Now a question if I may to this beautiful community:   

&amp;#x200B;

For the very first time, I've made the perfect game. Every labour, every secret, raven, chest, favour, in all realms, is completed except one: out of all collectibles, I've missed the second legendary chest on The Mountain. 

&amp;#x200B;

Problem is that after the demolitions, there is no way up any more as it seems (?) and I'm stack at this sad 99.99% accomplishment.   

&amp;#x200B;

Is this chance blown forever in this game, or does someone knows a way to that second chest in the Mountain?  

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks in advance, and please let me know how does the idea about keeping our gear this time, sounds :))",7,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bod1db,I can’t download this game and I’ve tried three times.,"So I tried doing it while my system was in test mode and that wouldn’t work. I’m trying to download it onto and external hard drive while the system is just running normally but twice I’ve waited for the entire download time just to receive an error code about the HDD or some shit. So I tried putting it in safe mode and rebuilding the hard drive and went through these prompts telling me that the external hard drive wasn’t activated and so I did that, tried to download the update again, waited all that time, and I got the same error code. I’m out of ideas here if anyone has had similar problems and found a solution please let me know.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bocmty,Is there a site where I can buy a Mjölnir replica,I love the design of Thor's hammer in the game and wanted to know if there's anyway I can get my hands on a replica I can't find any site that sells it any information will help thanks.,1,public,
GodofWar,t3_boc5ig,When do ‘Stone Mason’ codes expire?,"Considering getting a Stone Mason edition off eBay, and wanted to know if and when the codes expired.

Don’t want to purchase a game to get that content and it be already expired haha.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnnspi,A Message From Sony Santa Monica: “Thank you for giving us a reason to tell this story.”,https://i.imgur.com/xPyxCnD.jpg,842,public,
GodofWar,t3_bocnk2,God of War on steam or epic?,"Seeing as how Halo is coming to PC, I'm curious to know if hypothetically, Sony decided to release God of War and other playstation exclusive titles on PC would you buy the game on steam or epic? and if epic did get those games exclusively on their store or at least a timed exclusive period, are you willing to wait until it goes to steam or just buy it anyway?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo0ktz,Question about the stats of runic attacks,"So each runic attack has these three stats: Damage, Stun and Frost (I haven't gotten the Blade of Chaos yet, but I assume it's Burn in that case). What I'm not clear is whether they are the stats of each runic attack or they boost normal attacks (e.g. each Leviathan Axe attack got +1 Damage, +2 Frost, +1 Stun).",11,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo1vpa,Why do enemies disappear?,"I get it when Draugrs or Hel Walkers disappear, but wolves??!!

Trolls, orcs, wolves, wulvers and elves, these are all physical living creatures. Why do they turn into dust after Kratos kills them?

The sequel should have bears like the comics, both real creatures as well as those werebear guys.",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnzne7,[Spoilers] Is it possible to choose what carries over in New Game +?,"I'm nearing a 100% completion of my first playthrough, and plan on starting New Game + once it's over. But my brother has been curious about the games story, and wanted to watch the second playthrough. The only thing is, if Kratos is walking around with the Blades of Chaos the entire time, it's a massive spoiler, and completely ruins the moment where he gets them. So, is it possible to play without them?",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo549c,Start new gmgow or ng+?,"Hey, I finished gow on give me challange a few months ago. How I wanna replay it on give me god of war. I wonder if it is easier to do so in a ng + file to keep my stats and all or start anew. I feel like the beginning in ng+ will we way easier but I fear I won't even remotely be able to take on later foes. What do you say?

Thabks km advance",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo4g4w,So I haven't played the 2018 game (or any in the series). I've only watched gameplay and read up on the story. But there's some questions I have about the setting and locations,"So first of all, where are all the people? I mean, I know monsters are roaming the lands but it seems like no characters make any mention of the people that used to live there. Surely there had to have been some citizens that were around before our game started, right? 

And another thing, what's causing all these monsters to appear in the first place? Did they just slowly migrate out once the people left? And how did they manage to survive beforehand? 

Also, why is it that in all the other realms, they seem almost deserted? I mean, I know Jotunheim's giants are pretty much all gone. But what about the realm of the dwarves? Why can't you visit all nine realms and see a buzzing population?",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bnu2pe,(Spoiler Free): That Final Boss Fight,"I won't discuss the final boss fight at all here really, but I thought I'd put something here given I've only just completed said fight, encompassing such a pivotal series of events and given that I'm almost at the end of the game as well.

By way of context, I've been playing through God Of War as a gamer without sight with sighted assistance (using a Titan 2 for both myself and my local CoPilot to have simultaneous control).  It's been a fantastic experience, even without being able to see any of it.  The sound design, the use of haptics, the scoring, the voice acting, the world building... I could go on and on.  Even though I haven't completed the main questline yet, I look forward to the next game and hope that it'll be one that I can play to a greater degree of independence (i.e. without needing sighted assistance at all ideally).

I also have to thank /u/So_Motarded and the individuals that make up the rest of the #TranscribingGames Project.  Even though I had the idea to start this project with God Of War originally, what's been [achieved even so far, as you can see here](http://www.transcribinggames.sightlesskombat.com/GodOfWar.shtml), is absolutely brilliant.  It's been a great learning curve and I look forward to chronicling the rest of The Journey and who knows, maybe giving other developers of narrative experiences like this interesting accessibility-related ideas in the process.

Thank you so much to Sony Santa Monica, even if I can't play your game to a great extent without needing sighted assistance, the experience I've gained from doing so is definitely a memorable one.",27,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnxw01,question about platinum,"i recently completed the story and am currently doing all the post-game exploration and i plan to get the platinum trophy. my question is, are there any trophies that i can accidentally miss in a playthrough(i.e. an area containing an odins raven or other collectible no longer being accessible)?",8,public,
GodofWar,t3_bo1a5a,Can't upgrade Sindri's chest piece (NG+),"I started my first NG+ a couple of days ago, and I bought Sindri's armour set, but the chest piece menu doesn't show it as upgradeable. Has anybody else encountered this or a similar issue? Is there anything I can do about it?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnu7ti,So I accidentally went through the entirety of GoW4 without upgrading my health or rage.,"I just watched a video and saw a dude have two rage bars and a monstrous amount of health. I was really confused, so I dug around and learned I completely missed the things that let you upgrade them.

Accidental bragging rights I guess?",17,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnumh6,"Does the ""raising Kratos"" documentary have any spoilers?",Hey guys so I recently got my dad into the new God of War game. He just met Brock and I would love to watch the new documentary with him but I'm worried it'll show spoilers for the game. You all know the big ones. So is it safe or should I wait for him to finish before I show him?,14,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnibld,My stance on story DLC for this game has completely shifted after watching the documentary,"Throughout the entire documentary you get this feeling that this game has cost literal blood, sweat and tears and quite frankly I do not wish this upon anyone.

The absolute mess to plan 150 extra workforces months before you were expecting them seems like hell. And even starting *actual*
 development even before you've planned it all out takes courage and brings about an unimaginable stress.


Each and every one of them worked their asses off, the tension between the developers. I mean, it's an absolute experience and to me the best game ever (finished the story four times, 100%'d it twice and platinumed it), but I don't need any more from this game after seeing all the hard work. I'm starting to appreciate more that what we already have than what could be.


Respect to Santa Monica Studios, you've absolutely outdone yourself and raised the bar for everyone else. Good luck to everyone else I'd say because they're going to need it!


A link to the documentary: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJZWKBDXXFY",603,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnqhv6,Handling Atreus’ Age,"Watching the new documentary I realized that Atreus’ voice actor Sunny Suljic is currently about 13-14 years old. I’m sure we all remember how much a person can change rapidly in those years, so how do you guys think the studio will handle things like drastic voice changes and the actor getting taller/bigger? 
Do you guys think they’ll just age him up for the next game? Or try to do more digital recreation to keep him at a younger age in game?",21,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnywa5,Do not spoil but will it be good i just bought the stone mason edition it arrived,Will it be good is it 10/10 or what,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnulvr,Is Kratos strong enough to kill the world serpent?,Please don't use the Titan example.,7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnv0nl,Scandanavia- The location with an actual Sun. I just noticed,"Helios has a temple which is the source of light in Greece,  Greece is on earth. Midgard is also on earth.

If Midgard is truly on earth this would mean skol and Hati have been to Egyptian and Mayan territory.

Imagine if vanir magic stopped the sun and moon from moving and they were both on South America, This would cause an eclipse, A sort of bad omen to the Mayans.

Anyway what I'll say is things get interesting when you think about the Sun in God of War.",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnx6gf,Should I replay GoW4 with a more exploration mindset?,"I beat the game on normal awhile ago, but I did next to exploration. I tried doing some cleaning up, but its rather scatter brained since some of its done and some of it isn’t. Is it worth it doing another play through (maybe on a higher difficulty) and doing a lot more exploration?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnqplg,Finally did it!,"After 131 attempts GMGOW: https://imgur.com/a/OAn314v

 About to upload the clip from the end, around 2-3 bars left I started fucking up because my hands were shaking so bad. Got really lucky and she didn't Valahalla stomp. Wouldn’t have reacted fast enough. Now for NG+ after I complete Musph/get like 6 of the ravens.",19,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnhwhb,Cory Barlog,You're a fucking mastermind,180,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnrwsy,Thoughts for the sequel,"Hi all, just watched the new doc on YouTube and got psyched for the next game. Anyone have any idea where they'll take the story for the next game? What will be the motivation or goal of the game and what revelations will they offer at the end of the game?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnbjnv,This is how sony was going to reveal GOW 4 and I am glad they decided not to.,"https://youtu.be/4sLQe1G-H4s
 This bit of the documentary shows a teaser which was going to be included in the GOW remaster's post credit but they decided not to and I am glad they did so because the e3 reveal was the epitome of video game reveals what do you think?",394,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnunky,I want a Marvel nod like this for GOW 5,"Like the hidden infinity gauntlet talisman in the game, I want a nod to the marvel movies in the sequel. When you kill Thor (in the sequel or at some point), I want Kratos to cut his head off and say something like “I went for the head”.  To which Mimir responds with “You’re quite good at that”. In the original trilogy he took the head of Medusa, Eurayle, Helios, now Mimir. How funny would it be if you Kill Thor and then have his reanimated head to shoot lightning or something. Anyway, would love to have that little marvel nod poking fun at Thor in Infinity War.",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnmzm9,What does Cory mean by budget in this video?,"He keeps referring to not having enough budget to add a few NPCs in this location and that location when Kratos is on the boat ride.  Does he mean not enough time?

I see some people saying he means computational power budget because monetary budget doesn't make sense in this context.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4XRmMkQcuQ",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnfa2r,Pro tip: The bestiary and journal entries are filled with info that can fill in a lot of the blanks leading up to the game's events.,Remember that the journals are meant to do something and they're written in Atreus's first person. There's some golden nuggets in each entry.,55,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnlt6i,Thank you so Much,"To all who contributed to this games creation. Furthermore, a big thank you to the developers of the Valkyries. I am very glad they are as challenging as they are.  You've turned the choosers of the slain into an amalgamation of beauty and lethality unparalleled in any other game.  You guys rock!!",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnmktg,Best armor set to fight sigurn?,Which armor set is better to fight sigurn the Valkyrie armor upgraded or the Ivaldi armor upgraded?,3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnlby5,Valkyrie battles,"Man I am so glad that the battle with Hildir in Ivaldi’s labyrinth is so easy, cause getting to her can be a real pain.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnch8r,"Tyr, Ares, Kratos, and a revelation.","Hello everyone.

&amp;#x200B;

As now many of us have played the game (I assume) and try to have second looks on it, I've noticed a few details and have some thoughts to share.

&amp;#x200B;

First of all, even though it becomes repetitive, it's something that has to be said: hands down in the top 10 videogames of all time. The cinematography, the music, the arc, the graphics, and the amazing details have topped everything we've seen and are second to none in its category.

&amp;#x200B;

A few thoughts about the story:

&amp;#x200B;

In the game we see Tyr who as God of War in Norse Mythology appears as kind, wise, peaceful, trying to avoid bloodshed, and undo injustice.

In the Greek Mythology, his equivalent Ares is portrayed as a polar opposite of Tyr: weak, sneaky, coward running from battle, stealing and deceiving, bloodthirsty, and schizophrenic.

By all means, Ares is the very worst of all Hellenic Pantheon.

Now, it is not mandatory to take these analogies to Kratos word by word, but what I do perceive from the arc, is that the Kratos of Greece that was more like Ares, is phasing into Tyr as he is adventuring in the Norse lands.

&amp;#x200B;

At the start of the game, the brilliant script is showing us Kratos on ""Greek Mode"" at his peak: he is indifferent, stoic, careless, and in a Spartan Survival mode. He minds his own business, does not interfere if there is no necessity to interfere and he is literally Laconic. Does what he must do and doesn't what is he mustn't.

If Kratos has to go from A to B, and next to B is a baby being murdered by someone that is not an obstacle to him, he'll not interfere.

All this changes as he spends time with his child and sees things from Atreus' perspective, as also the paternal instinct kicks in, and transmits into a benevolent God of War by seeing what Tyr has done in this narrative.

This can be seen specifically at Jotunheim when he firstly accepts his past, and is ready to be a FATHER.

He hides his blades no more, and seems that he is not going to be dismissive to any Atreus' questions about his past as he did before.

...and then... the murals at Jotunheim. He realises that everything was destined to happened for a reason, and sees his own death on the hands of his child, as the Serpent that kills him comes out of Atreus'/Loki's mouth, ergo he is at his command, or even the same.

And he accepts that. The moment they scatter Frey's (Freyr) ashes, he **knows**, he is **free**, he has **accepted** what comes, and has made his peace with it.

&amp;#x200B;

Two things to be taken into consideration too, are firstly Mimir's comments for Atreus' after the boy lost control and attacked his father.

***""You know brother, you know the boy's true nature""***

Atreus has a **dark side**, and I think we are going to see it as he also phases into Loki.

The second moment to take into consideration is at the fight with Baldur in front o Freya, when he knows that she will willingly give her life for he child, no matter how monstrous he might be.

That's what every father or mother does, and after what he sees at the Jotunheim mural and his change into a real father, Kratos now realises what must happen and accepts it.",49,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bnm59l,Seeking advice on starting a NG+,"I just finished the main story and i think I'm only at level 5. Should i jump straight to NG+ or should I level up or unlock more runics, gears etc first? Thanks in advance!",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bninc2,What to play after god of war?,"I know the obvious answer is “play it again” but I want to put some space between my first and second run through. 
I wanted to know what other games members of this community recommend.",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bngwt4,Did anyone else notice this about Baldur?,"Not sure if this counts as a spoiler or not since the game has been out for a year, but I'm posting it as a spoiler just in case. 

Did anyone notice that Baldur, when first introduced, sounds like he's drunk? Could have been a hint about his inability to feel anything?",11,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bnd2hv,I think the best thing about....,"The blades of chaos is that while remaking all the animations to looks practically identical to the first games while still communicating so many different things about kratos, in older games Kratos was a ball of rage getting lost in anger at any chance, and all the things with mechanics, Dialog and especially animations served to get that point across. 

In god of war 2018 kratos is far more reserved with control over his anger and again everything the including animations serve to prove that point. But the blades of chaos remakes the exact same animations from the first game but still somehow communicates something completely different. What before looked like kratos getting lost in the lust of violence now looks like control, and again they did this with animations that look practically identical to earlier installments... how?",27,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bn3jpe,Mimir's Head,\[removed\],719,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnml3g,Can you activate the two electric post in Hephaetus Forge using the Nemesis Whip? What would happen if you do?,"Just a minor observation, but in GoW3, once you killed Hephaetus, can you activate the two electric post that control the pointy thing you stabbed Hephaetus with? If you can, what would happen? Does it retract and Hephaetus body sink down to the magma or something?",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnfmfj,"Anyone else wish you could use any kind of armor, while maintaining the appearance of the ""Exile"" set?","Like you could use whatever armor you want, but hit a toggle that gives them all the appearance of the armor set you start out with. Sometimes the armor Kratos gets can be really over the top, even though they're really powerful and useful. His base look just looks the best IMO, and I wish I could use it more without being underpowered.",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnp5y6,God of War: The Last Re-meal 2 Cortex Strikes Back! is happening!!!!!,"THE NEXT GAME TO FOLLOW UP AN INSTANT CLASSIC, take on kratos as has attempts to re-meal until cortex swipes in with a jar and takes his vomit! now kratos is hungry af fam and needs your help to give him that god damn of war LAST L A S T RE-MEAL!!!!!!!!!!

https://i.redd.it/h9fqq69bcsx21.png",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bngoba,New game+ sigrun fight,"I’m trying to fight the Valkyrie queen in new game+ but can’t seem to beat her even though I have better gear than last time on the same difficulty, any advice on some gear I should use?",4,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bnoy62,A detail that many have forgotten,"I've had this theory for a while and after the documentary I can cement this theory. After one of the dwarf brothers gives you green arrows, atreus breaks his quiver, prompting kratos to break off a piece of an arrow and fix it with the green arrow. However we later find out that the green arrows are bad because Odin can track them with them green arrows. So frea breaks the arrows and give atreus some new ones. But there is still the broken arrow in his quiver. I'm not sure if this has been discussed before on this sub, but Odin knows...",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bmyv7m,"""I am the F#/@ing God of War"" deleted scene from God of War.","https://youtu.be/73Oo64uVsrs
 I wish it was not deleted but some peeps over r/ps4 were saying it was not something Kratos would say at the moment do you guys agree?",991,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnh44c,Mimir and the well,"I have a question. Does the well that contains the knowledge that mimir offered Odin in Norse Myth exist in the game?I believe there are supposed to be 3 wells at the base of the Yggdrasil with Mimirs well being one of them. 

In the game he tricks Odin to impress him with “knowledge” when really he threw enough mystic mushrooms in the water to make the god see shit. However is it possible that this Mimir didn’t know that there was already a well that actually did indeed bless you with knowledge?",3,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bnhrc0,I know it’s been brought up before but...,The Desolation. What is it? Just the apocalypse which happened when Kratos kills the pantheon?,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnjwc2,What's the best armor set for NG+ and how do I get it?,"Also, are there special items for ng+?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnd6zh,Kratos Statue,"hi guys,

i'm hoping someone can point me in the right direction. im looking for this kratos statue (below) or something similar to it. or even someone who can make this. any suggestions on where to look? im a die hard GoW fan and figure it's finally time for me to purchase something to commemorate it. 

&amp;#x200B;

thanks!

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

https://i.redd.it/y68c6cwjnlx21.jpg",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnei7w,(Need reccomendation)How would you order the spinoffs from best to worst?,"I have played all of the main games in the series (1 till 4). I havent played any spinoffs but I bought them already. However I may have limtied time due to my work and may not be able to play all of them. 

How would you order the spinoff games from best to worst?",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnfl5d,"So if we get a Trilogy, which I very much hope we do.","The next game could be Titled 'Fimbulwinter' and third one 'Ragnarok' this would work so great imo. Cory can do it, I believe in him.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn80ar,The humans you meet at the beginning...,"Those people you Come across at the beginning of the game, they attack and you kill them all, in the documentary they said it is the first time where Atreus kills a human. But as we go on all people we meet are dwarves or gods I am pretty sure we never actually meet any humans again. What happened to humans in Midgard? Is it related to Valkyries being trapped? Have we actually killed the last remaining humans in Midgard?",28,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bnd8wi,Give me God of War!,"Should i start a new game plus on give me god of war with the armor of zeus?
Background: I beat the game on the normal difficulty and new game plus on the second hardest difficulty.",3,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn8qmq,Ramblings about GoW’s camera,"I was recently watching a Game Maker’s Toolkit video about cameras in games where Mark talked about some of the problems he had with the game’s camera. Specifically that it took the existing wide shot which combat took place in in past games and made it completely over-the-shoulder instead. So I started thinking about the camera and what purpose was served by changing it so much from the original games. And this is what I came up with: 

The original GoW games were all about player empowerment. Badass combos, sexy ladies to bang, screen-clearing spells, vicious kills, these were all meant to make he player feel powerful. Yeah, there’s challenge, and significant challenge at that, but at the end of the day, these are games where you fuck Aphrodite and her handmaidens compliment your form. The new GoW isn’t that. It’s quiet and intimate at times and the quest that Kratos goes on is not one of hate and anger, but one of love. Ultimately, Santa Monica was trying to distance this game from the others and especially distance the game from the toxic masculinity present in those first games. This is done in part by no focusing on player empowerment. Instead, Kratos is vulnerable. He feels more than just anger and goes through real struggle. This is where the camera comes in. In gameplay, the camera sticks to you, giving you a limited view. This leaves you open to attacks that are only indicated by the arrows. You are open, exposed, vulnerable. And this can make a player angry. But it’s supposed to. You cannot succeed until you accept the Kratos’ vulnerability and embrace it. You feel like a god once you master the combat system, when you can quick turn and dodge just in time only by using the arrows and sounds. That is when the player feels empowered. When they learn to embrace and accept their vulnerability. 

I might be looking too deep into this, and I probably didn’t explain myself well, but I just needed to get this out. And if you disagree, that’s fine. I might just be a butthurt fanboy. Also, this was not meant to be me shitting on Mark Brown. I fucking love GMTK, I just disagreed with the guy’s opinion. 

Tl;dr The camera in GoW makes you feel vulnerable and that’s the point.",15,public,
GodofWar,t3_bne3ux,Do certain Loot items scale with your overall level?,"Im playing through this game again and it seems like every enchantment, armor, pommel I get just seems to be underpowered compared to the armor I'm currently using. My question is do certain loot items have a set level they are no matter what level Kratos is? Or do they scale a bit? 

For example, I just got the Shattered Gauntlet of Ages, but it's only a level 3 item. I'm almost level 5. The stats are all worse than the item I currently have. If I were to be level 7 instead, and found the gauntlet, would it have been a higher level? Or would it have been still level 3?",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmve0y,My dad died a few days ago,I got him into god of war when it first came out and I was in middle school. He played it for me when I wasn’t with him on the weekends and helped me beat the desert level as well as the Minotaur boss. I never got to show him the new one and never got to have him try it. We had the exact relationship as Kratos and Artreus. Although we didn’t seem to work it out. I really can’t wait to replay and wish he was watching with me and imagine his reactions. Thanks for still reading my rant. Rant over.,771,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn86sw,[Minor Spoilers] Will there be Hel Walkers in the sequel?,"Since Kratos and dudes freed all the corrupted Valkyries, Hel should not be swarmed by the dead anymore. Honorable people go to Valhalla, criminals to hel, and there should be no Hel Walkers coming back and lurking around Midgard.

And would people come back to Midgard then, after it became a more decent place which I don't know if it did because though there were no more Hel Walkers, Dozens of species of monster still walk Midgard. (Literally, it's Gotham, I don't know why people would want to live in this cruel place.)

One more question, it says people left Midgard regarding to the Desolation. Where the hell did they go?

I would like to see some settlements and settlers in the next games, this game feels too lonely and desolated.",12,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bnel0m,Next game?,Mimir said that prophecy didn’t account for kratos. So what if in the battle between kratos and thor made them go back in time instead of the serpent. I think it can be feasible because the serpent put eitr on the axe which us an unstable primordial power.,0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bn61gj,Today I finished my God of War Tattoo.,"This is my first post, please be patient with me. I have been playing God of War since the beginning. This series holds a special place in my heart. The new game hit home for me in many ways. The game launched around my moms birthday though she has been gone for 6 years she was young and her passing was unexpected, to which my family struggled with. Being raised with tough love and not having the best role models at times was another. The last  piece was struggling with my own challenges and raising my daughter and I could relate to the story in my own way. Once I finished the game it inspired me in such a profound way that made me realize that anyone can work daily towards being a better regardless of their past. This year I got Kratos’s Tattoo as a reminder to always be better than who I was, for my daughter and for my family.I have read so many wonderful stories of how this game has touched people’s lives I wanted to share my own. Once  my tattoo is fully healed and the touch ups are complete I will share the final product.",21,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn5fqi,Raising Kratos: where is Baldur?,"Pretty much the title, why there was nothing about Baldur in Raising Kratos?",21,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmytt8,Raising Kratos is amazing,"Seriously,it’s 2 hours extremely well spent. Watching this made me relive all the emotions I felt one year ago while playing the game the very first time. Thank you Cory,thank you Santa Monica Studio 🙏🏻",104,public,
GodofWar,t3_bnaww8,Was wondering if any of you guys could help with rune translation?,"Im not sure how difficult it is, but ik nothing about the runes or how they work. I was mostly curious if there is a way to write ""Do not be sorry, be better"". If anyone can help itd be much appreciated.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmvxfq,Here it is! Raising Kratos The Making of God of War 2018,"Amazing documentary that gives us insight about the adventure the talented developers at Sony Santa Monica went through to give us the 2018 game of the year, God of War.  


* \[Youtube\] ([https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJZWKBDXXFY](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJZWKBDXXFY))",205,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn7thu,My inconditional love for this franchise,"I really can’t explain why I love it so much, I actually can’t describe it. The only games I’ve played are GOW3, Ascencion and GOW 2018. Still, it’s been in my heart for as Long as I can remember. Maybe it’s the mythology (which I love all kinds of it: Greek, Norse, Celtic, Egyptian, etc)  or the story, action, I don’t know.
However without having played the OG games I adore this game and its franchise. Literally EVERY SINGLE piece of info I can get from the game and it’s development or whatever it is I want to know it, I need it. I’ve listened to the Lost Pages podcast (pretty good btw) and I’ve seen many interviews. 
Moreover I’ve only seen very few documentaries in my life, I could probably count them with my fingers, but Raising Kratos... I’ve been waiting for this documentary for what seemed like an eternity and it was only a bit more than a week and I’m watching it right now.
Does anybody else feel this way towards the franchise even though they haven’t played the first games by themselves?",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn76tt,Looking for a music in God of War: Raising Kratos,"So i've looked pretty much everywhere and i can't find what's the music called that starts at 1:42:35 and that lasts for like 6 minutes. I never heard it in the game so yeah, if someone know that would be really appreciated.

[https://youtu.be/lJZWKBDXXFY?t=6155](https://youtu.be/lJZWKBDXXFY?t=6155)",4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmxkbb,Raising Kratos,"Hi guys, I've just finished watching the documentary ""Raising Kratos"" and I have to say it has made me appreciate and grateful the game even more, and I am moved by their passion for the game. Not gonna lie, I teared up when I'm watching the documentary.


I'm not sure if anyone from Santa Monica Studio will see my post or even browses this subreddit, but I just want to say a huge THANK YOU to all of you and send a big big hug your way. 


P.s. if you haven't already, I strongly strongly recommend you to watch it!",43,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn0slo,My pre new game plus prep,"Feeling pretty stoked after beating the story, I’ve beaten 3 valkyries, done 2 side quests, and completed 4 of the 6 trials of Surtr in one day, pretty stoked for new game plus.",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn112s,GoW 5 Plotline I would like to see,"I think it would be great if you started out as Kratos fighting Thor from the ending of the previous game. Something happens; ex. Kratos getting an injury, then there's a time jump. This is now 5 or so years later and you play as a teenage Loki (Boy) and discover his new powers. Obviously being older, he would have some of them. Then there will be different puzzles where you would have to switch between Kratos and Loki, where Loki is the more agile and Kratos being the heavy lifter. Loki somehow tricks Kratos to go off with someone else and leaves him behind where you then take on the role of Kratos trying to get back to his son. I think if they did something along these lines, it'd make for an interesting plot with a couple nice twists.",5,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bmygbv,Games similar to GoW4?,"Ive played through it 3 times now and is my favorite game of all time. Some other games I've liked recently, Spider-Man, Titanfall 2, &amp; horizon zero Dawn. Also played Witcher 3 which is a little slow imo and I never really got into the story. Is there anything else out there with similar gameplay and graphics?",7,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmksln,This game will hold up for ages.,"I randomly stopped after completing the game soon after launch. I played other games, several newer games that are also acclaimed for beautiful environments, graphic quality, impressive animations, and a great story. 

I reinstalled GoW recently only to realize my save wasn't uploaded to PSN. Normally I'd be upset. I simply shrugged and said to myself, ""meh, that's probably a good thing. I'll start over.""

I am enjoying it just as much as the first time I played. The game is just so well done on all fronts. Honestly, as beautiful as the landscapes are, as fluid and cinematic as all the fights feel, as fluid as the animations are, it is the dialogue and placement of dialogue as well as the character development it brings is the #1 reason I am absolutely in love with this game. 

I haven't met a character since Solid Snake that is so rough, yet so intriguing. The voice acting is top notch and really makes me feel the pain and turmoil that is Kratos' mind.",452,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn5cao,"SPOILER - GOD OF WAR THEORY: LOKI IS A TIME TRAVELLER, AND TYR, THE GOD OF WAR. - SPOILER","First of all, I must say that I really believe in this theory. I have been discussing about God of War with my friend, and I may don't have all the questions, but I really think my theory do explain some things.

1- THE TIME TRAVELLING: In the norse mythology, Loki marries the Jotun(Giant) Angurboda, and with her, have three kids: Jormungandr, Fenrir and Hela. Wich two of them, are already present in the game. Jormungandr and possibly Hela. But how? Since the Giants are already all dead and Loki is a kid, how would all of this happen? It won't. Because it already did. Loki is a time traveler. Not the actual Loki that we see and play with, but a Loki in a soon, very soon future. That's why we already have Jormungandr, Fenrir and Skoll and Hati in the game, all of them being descendant of Loki. Because Loki travelled back in time, maybe with Jormungandr, I don't know. But when he did, he lived hundreds or maybe thousands of years before he even comes to existence. That's the reason why the Ragnarok is coming faster than predicted, and why Jormungandr recognized Atreus, because he is it's father.

2- TYR: During the game, we are hinted that Tyr is a God Of War that searched peace, which made us think that maybe Kratos was Tyr. But that was wrong. Like Atreus, Tyr always tried to help people and was good all along. According to the God of War fandom: **""Týr is a Norse god associated with war and heroic glory in Norse mythology. He is typically described as only having one hand, having lost the other to the wolf** [**Fenrir**](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fenrir)**.""**. ( &lt;[https://godofwar.fandom.com/wiki/Týr](https://godofwar.fandom.com/wiki/Týr)\&gt; ) Tyr lost his arm to Fenrir. I can't explain why Fenrir would attack his own father, but it at least connects the two characters. According to the game, Tyr is one of Odin's sons. And that matches exactly with Loki. Loki is adopted, but is considered son of Odin. And that would explain why is Odin so obsessed with Kratos and Loki, sending Baldur after them. Maybe he already knows about it. In the Norse apocalypse, the Ragnarok, **""*****Loki and his three children by Angrboda were all bound in some way, and were all destined to break free at Ragnarok to wreak havoc on the world"".*** *( &lt;*[*https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loki*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Loki)*&gt; ).*

&amp;#x200B;

What if Loki, the adult one, that travelled back in time is still alive?  We can see throughout the whole game, that the mother ALWAYS knew where Kratos would go, and what decisions he would make. Preparing the ground for Kratos, marking the way.  Maybe because she has hinted to do so. Maybe because there was someone, that already lived all of this, guiding her and helping her to create and accomplish a prophecy. Not because she saw the future, but because she had with her someone that LIVED it. Loki is the one that manipulated all of this, all of the story. I wouldn't expect nothing less from the God of Manipulation.

&amp;#x200B;

WINGLESSCROW.",1,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn3o66,[Spoilers] The Sindri conversation?,"Hey. :)

&amp;#x200B;

My first play, please don't spoil beyond the topic, thanks. :)

&amp;#x200B;

So I was playing today the part where you kill Magni and before the boss fight there is Sindri. I always speak to these dwarfs so I spoke with him there. But when he was talking I wandered too far and the brother's conversation started as well and I couldn't understand either when they were playing at the same time. I was able to google the brother's conversation, but could not find Sindri one. He was giving me an advice on how to fight those brothers and I would like to watch it just for curiosity. So does anyone please know a link to some gameplay where it was too? :)",1,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bn3e1w,"Logically speaking, it doesn't make sense for Kratos to wield [spoiler weapon] over his far superior axe","I've seen discussions here mentioning that the players want to wield Thors hammer Mjolnir, either due to the Marvel Universe connection or the legendary mythological importance of the weapon 

But, as far as the game goes, it really wouldn't make much sense to wield the inferior weapon, considering the dwarves created the weapon with flaws that impeded the extent of Thors damage 

Some of the flaws are its incredibly unbalanced and heavy weight, the fact that mythologically the hammer requires a special belt just to wield it, its incredibly short handle meaning it has an extremely short attack reach and even the fact the weapon does not serve as a medium of creating thunder

You can argue the hammer is flawed only in part of its weight and short handle only but the Leviathan Axe was created in the hopes of equaling and even surpassing Mjolnir 

If anything, Surtrs Blade or Odins Spear would serve as better alternatives for weapons that Kratos could possibly wield in the future of the series",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bmy37q,Glitches during Muspelheim Surtr’s hidden time attack?,"This is about Surtr’s time attack challenge that unlocks with 3 keys. I’m on GMGOW. Sorry for this throw up of a post. I’m really caffeinated and a little turned up after finally coming so close to gold on this trial but being stopped by shit like this. 

So I’ve recorded these events and will upload them later when I have the chance.  I’m under the current impression I take no damage during the time attack. Correct me if I’m wrong. 

- GLITCHES/EVENTS: 
- Glitches/events that have stopped me from completing the trial (come to 65 kills, each event/glitch caused 30 sec- 1 minute delay) 

 - Got hit with witch’s frozen breath - Kratos then froze still, a bunch of staggering animations occurred (with no hits on him) and I died. ressurected at full health somehow using berserker stone, was still for at least 20-30 seconds.

 - Twice now, around 2:30 minutes, a poison reaver stays inside the spawn point. One time it took me ages to kill him. (He had a shield. Felt like it took at least a minute.) Would not come out. I was definitely going to make it that time. 

 - The worm that burrows can not be knocked off the side. ( Haven’t recorded this but it simply will not happen.) I feel like this is intended. Unless stunned and execution thrown off the side. Anyone confirm? 

- Anyways, anyone struggling with this trial, the valk armor has yielded me the best results. I was going to make it to gold twice now if it wasn’t for these events happening. 3 times now I’ve been stopped by this. I’ve tried it with invaldi’s (my strength build), and Sindri’s (CD build) and a mix up of valk/Sindri, but valk’s unstoppable aura/tunic attack reset on kill/and runic blessing/with cd gems have turned me into a killing machine. 


If you’re still reading, I could use tips/ideas to me cut a little more time off about the revenant that spawns with the ice reavers and nightmares. I’m using Hyperion grapple but most of the time I’m forced to Runic spam kill whatever I can reach because she’s harder to reach for me than the ice revenant on the final rift tear in niflheim.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmtsgz,A scene I would like to see in the next GoW [spoilers?],"Imagine a scene where Kratos sends Thor and his hammer away from each other and our GoW picks up and begins to dual wield the Leviathan axe and Mjolnir. 

It would be amazing to see thunder surging through Kratos' body through the arm he is using to hold the hammer and the axe's blade would start to ice up (?) at the same time. Kratos would probably deliver some one-liner before kicking in Thor's shit and the surrounding environment until someone interrupts their fight (probably Odin or something). 

Alternatively, I guess Atreus could wield the hammer instead and Kratos and his boy will gank the God of Thunder's ass like Thor's kids did to them earlier.",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn3sox,Is combat supposed to feel this clunky? Teach me plz!,"So I reached Alfheim, and am currently banging my head against the stone wall that is the elemental. I know what they want, throw axe in mouth, pick up rock, throw rock at thing, throw more axe...

This fight highlights how bad Axe throwing feels to me, which surprised me, having heard everybody rave about the axe return animation. Having a dedicated return button is tedious (I get why it's there, they use it for puzzles) - since it's on Triangle, you have to take your thumb off the aim stick each time - combined with all the RT/RB + LT/LB combinations, the controls feel like finger salad to me. It's surprisingly unintuitive for a mainstream AAA title. (Circle for interact? Is this a GoW staple?)

Unlike other games with skill trees, here it doesn't feel like a powerup, but like I have to work my way through half of it to become baseline useful in combat. For example, you can parry - but you need to buy an upgrade to actually follow it up with an attack. 

What upgrades/perks should I go for? There is so much stuff - Skills, Armor, Talismans, Weapon upgrades - They stuffed so many numbers in this game, but the core combat just doesn't feel satisfying and intuitive, unless I am missing something fundamental?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn13nv,Serious question,"Will there be a sequel, or was that cliffhanger at the end just to fuck with us?",0,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bmy5vb,Am I the only one who thinks kratos will lose an eye in the sequels?,"Not from torture but during combat, just a gut feeling. Seeing (pun intended) as he already has an eye scar, maybe it's foreshadowing an injury?",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmi91f,Here's hoping for more double boss fights in the sequel.,"I loved the fight with Magni and Modi and I was really looking forward for more of the same in the game. Unfortunately, that double boss fight was a one-time-only event which was quite a bummer since it was such a nice mix of fun and challenge. Hopefully, Santa Monica does more of this in the sequel; fighting two gods at the same time that is. Story wise, it'd show that Kratos is such a threat that even with gods teaming up, they still couldn't beat him.",87,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_bmwkq1,Lets have a conversation about some of the problems with God of War (2018).,"I know I will get downvoted into hell, but I think it is important to point out some of the things you would like improved in the sequel. I am not trying to bash this great game.",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmjcob,How to Duplicate Skap Slag in NG+,"I've seen quite a few people recently asking what is the fastest way of getting large amounts of skap slag so I thought I'd post a quick guide. [Video here](https://youtu.be/MctU5hlQ2cE)

You can do this at Niflheim and Muspelheim as long as you haven't already visited those realms before. Travel to one of those realms and pass through the first two doorways. This will give you a notification that you have received skap slag, and your inventory will have increased by 9 pieces. Restart checkpoint. You will keep the skap but be able to pass through the doors again for more. You can keep doing this as long as you want, as long as you never proceed to the next checkpoint. Once you've stocked up to your satisfaction, restart checkpoint again then travel back to Midgard. With this method you can get 9 pieces every 35-40 seconds.",39,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmmbsi,Valkyries fights,What order should I fight the valkyries in after beating the main story line?,16,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmojjl,Does Lowering The Lake Level Make Current Islands Inaccessible?,"When the lake lowers, is it possible to go back to the already available islands? Or are they too high?",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_bme7vs,The most satisfying way to beat Baldur,Is by using only fists and parry’s. Just beat him this way and it was highly enjoyable to do. It took a while but fists only was in a way infinitely more satisfying than using the axe or the blades. Has anyone else tried beating him that way?,236,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmratv,Playing the first two god of wars ps3 vs pc,So this is my question which would be the better experience(already got god of war 3 from psplus) and I thought I'd play 1 and 2 then 3(even tho I beat it once on my ps3),4,public,
GodofWar,t3_bn030k,God of War: The Last Re-Meal new leaks!,"So in this game he re-meals leaks aswell!

https://i.redd.it/hlem6ut0qex21.png",0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmn833,Idea for GOW 2,"Kratos and Thor have an epic battle, Kratos loses to Thor, both gods are on the brink of death, Kratos loses consciousness, Thor is still awake but in a bad shape and because of this he doesn't have the energy to kill a god.

After sensing the boy's godly presence, and realizing that Norse gods are now in short supply right before Ragnarok begins, Thor subdues Atreus (Loki) with magic and kidnaps him to train him as his apprentice. Thor brings Atreus to Odin to erase his memories of his past. Odin, being all-knowing, realizes that Kratos is a hard god to kill, seeing as he has killed; the entire Greek pantheon; Titans; many mythical beasts; 3 of the Norse gods; himself multiple times and returned, and almost killed Thor. Odin realizes that the only one who can kill Kratos for good, is his son. Odin uses his magic to trick  Loki into believing that Kratos is the demon prophesized to bring Ragnarok and destroy Valhalla.

Kratos is trapped in Midgard, fighting through the relentless hordes of Ragnorok to get to Valhalla-- this takes years.

In this time his beard shows some signs of aging.

He finally arrives and Loki is in his late teens/ early 20's, and after years of indoctrination and magic, he (literally) sees Kratos as the Norse equivalent of the Devil-- his appearance to Loki reflects that/ a different appearance to what we know Kratos to look like.

In the absence of his own sons, Loki grows on Thor and Thor thinks of him as his adopted son which is reciprocated by Loki-- there is a genuine and unspoken bond between them, like father and son.

Loki has the power of a young Kratos with a Norse twist, he is capable of using all of the powers of the Norse gods. He has a rage identical to that of Kratos, potent but uncontrolled and, reckless and psychopathic like Baldur.

Loki is much more powerful than Kratos, especially since Kratos is old and Loki is young.

Kratos kills Thor.

&amp;#x200B;

This is as far as I am going, for now.

If this gets enough upvotes I'll carry it on-- with better grammar etc.

Some of the lore from GOW 2018 has been forgotten since my last playthrough, this may show in the text above.",10,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmmw84,Question about level design.,"I've been a long time Souls fan. If you've had the pleasure to play Dark Souls 1, you would know everything is connected; that if you were to look down Firelink Shrine and see Blightown, that was the actual place, not a low polygon place to just look. I was wondering if this game did the same. I'm playing the game for the third time and when I reached &gt;!the top of the mountain where Mimir is!&lt; I looked down and saw Freya's orange forest, Krato's house surrounded by the yellow barrier, as well as the lake of nine. Are those the ACTUAL places? Or just a low polygon version of them that make the illusion? Has this been confirmed? Maybe for many of you, it's not a big deal, but you gotta appreciate when a game has a good level design.",9,public,
GodofWar,t3_bmskrm,The Trials in Ascension are Hell Incarnate and I refuse to suffer any longer.,Fuck this part of this game. I played on Normal and now all of a sudden they want to spike the difficulty with Gorgons and Sirens who don't stagger and take way too long to die compared to other GoW games? Wtf!? Everything was going fine up until this point. I threw my controller at the screen and punched a wall I was so mad at this piece of shit game. I maxed out my Elements and Chaos Blades and that still didn't help me? Wtf. And some how this game is Canon? Bullshit. This game should've never been made. I was playing thw GoW games in Chronological Order and Yesterday I beat Chains of Olympus and skipped Ascension because that Trials part is needlessly difficult. I decided to give it another shot but no. It's still a clusterfuck of hard and hell. Fuck Ascension. I watched the ending on YouTube and have no shame.,0,public,
GodofWar,t3_bml2oy,"[Spoilers] Just beat Sigrun, on my first try...","I don't know how this is possible? I am playing on give me a challenge btw and just before opening the realm tear I was legit shitting my pants about what was to come as the last 2 valkyries were a pain in the ass (Geirdriful and Hildr) so I was assuming the worst but I guess the repeated attacks and nothing new of the sort except the health bar didn't make it much of a challenge (atleast for me apparently) I did die once but used the Superior Resurrection stone to bring myself back giving me half a health bar but I had already gottwn Sigrun down to 1/8th of hers and used the light and heavy runic attack on my axe and there she was done. Glad that I finished the game in it's entirety except Odin's ravens (fuck those tbh) but a bit disappointed that Sigrun didn't have any new moves of her own and was kind of easy to beat compared to some of the other Valkeryies.

I have one question for the people who have started new game+.. What all is carried forward? Are your resources, armor, runic attacks, enchanments and other things also carried forward or is just the blades and axe that are? Also is hecksilver and exp carried forward? 

Thanks :)",5,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_cayaif,Muspelheim sucks,"I love muspelheim but man sometimes do I hate it, whoever came up with the idea of giving the challenge (kill 100 enemies) is just as cruel as Thor. I somehow managed to kill all 100 oh and I forgot to mention about 30-40 of them were ogres, dark elf bosses, travelers etc etc. And they never give you any health. Luckily I did it on the first time cuz if I died and had to re do that from the start I would have smashed my controller",96,public,
GodofWar,t3_cb0q8u,Stuck on Muspelheim challenge,"Playing the give me a challenge game mode and I am completely stuck on the challenge where you have to kill the enemies in the rings. I can always manage to get to the last portion but the rings end up changing every 2 seconds and it just seems impossible. Literally NEED to beat this to get smoldering embers and upgrade my armor but i am about to snap my controller in half, im at my wits end. are there any strategies that have worked for people?",19,public,
GodofWar,t3_cay6dp,I just beat the last valkyrie,"After hours of having much fun playing this game, I decided that my journey won't be over after being through the main-story. I wanted to go on trophy-hunt, to be sure that I won't miss anything in the game.

I decided that slaying the valkyries should be the last thing to do in order to have an epic ending to the game. So after everything else was finished, I started.

You know, I'm not very good at this game. I played it for the experience and not for the challenge and therefor, I knew that those fights would bring to my border. But somehow, I managed to get past the first 8 valkyries after many tries, especially Gondal from Muspelheim brought me to my knees.

I thought that my trophy would be almost safe..

This was before I met Sigrun.

I don't know what in this world made her so angry, but she surely knew how to release it on me. I never stood a chance, her movement was to fast for me to react, her attacks to strong to reflect. I went multiple times right into my certain death when releasing her.

I had to change something.

I did the research and decided to grind for thr best gear possible for this one fight. I spent much time again in Niflheim to prepare myself for the fight, I wasn't worthy enough for.

And I saw progress. The stronger gear helped me as well as kind hints from strangers in the inter lnternet. Eventually it took me up to 20 tries. It was by far the most satisfying victory I ever had.

I won't forget what happened there.",31,public,Spoilers
GodofWar,t3_cb16pq,What do you wish you knew first time through the game.,"So I’ve been playing GoW a lot lately and have been wondering what everyone wish they knew the first time playing the game. I’ve noticed there is a bunch of stuff to do aside from the main story. I got my health bar extended and rage extended a bit but not fully. I’ve got some armor kits and stuff but I was wondering what everyone wish they knew the first play around through the game. What should I go get as far as armor, weapon upgrades etc.",6,public,
GodofWar,t3_cb0v8n,Glowing Gem of the Nine+ ?,"I unlocked glowing gem of the nine in my original play through and finally have the time the play through new game +.  My question is if there is a glowing gem of the nine+?   I came to musphelheim as soon as possible, before entering the mountain and it was not in Brok's shop.",5,public,
GodofWar,t3_cay6yi,Jotenheim tower (slight spoilers for those who haven’t finished the story),"So as most of you will know after you bring the jotenheim tower back the door has a locked icon. It’s unlike all the other towers. And I resembles the locks from the nulnir chests or the realm tears in niflheim. This suggests that it can somehow be unlocked. I have tried everything and I’m going crazy trying to figure it out, does anyone know how to open this??",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_cax556,Can I ask you a question? Are the other realms as big as the world of Midgard? Like is every realm technically the size of a planet and do they have way more areas to discover.,Hoping for a developer to answer because theirs no what those realms are that small.,2,public,
GodofWar,t3_cax27s,God of War give me challenge is insane,"Iam soulbourne veteran , 
I never died more than two times in bloodborne bosses including DLC, 
But with GoW give me challenge,  i died in the tutorial alone more than the whole bloodborne and ds2 combined ,
One mistake and Iam ruined , 
Even on troll fight I had to throw my axe at him the whole fight like a wuss 
I don't feel as a God of War , I feel like an old daddy trying to act tough ,
I continued to play on give me challenge until the revenant appeared , and then after dying dozen of times, I humbled myself and put my ego down and lowered the difficulty to "" balanced experience "" 
And man that was a change,  now I feel like GoW , i can execute combos and finishers , i can accumulate rage i can play more aggressive,  the game is still hard and i die every now and then,   but at least i feel i enjoy the game now and not punishing myself ,
I really don't wanna imagine how ""Give me God of War "" looks like",2,public,
GodofWar,t3_cayf8l,"My experience with the combat of the ""new"" god of war","Before I say anything I just want to say that I love the game and that its easily one of my favorites out there and the game is a blast to play, but at times it can get pretty annoying, and that is usually the combat. I get how they decided to completely change the combat with the game and its not like I miss the old combat so much that I hate the new one, I just find myself having to do braindead stuff more often than in the old gow games. Said braindead stuff being just throwing the axe ten thousand times because if you let your guard you'll get two shotted. I'm not saying its like that all the time but its usually when there's a lot of revenants or nightmares involved, and its just boring to throw the axe all the time. The combat gets more fun in the mid/late game cuz throwing the axe like a monkey is no longer viable and the enemies are not as cancer altho there will still be a few revenants showing up at times downgrading the experience. Another complain is the lack of good bosses. The ogres I feel are probably less interesting than the cyclops from previous games. I might be exaggerating but you get my point, and the soul eaters are easily the worst and most boring bosses that they could implement into the game. You literally have to throw the axe to them 10 thousand times and then just spam R1 whenever they're stunned. I do admit there are a few fun bosses like the valkyrie and magni with modi but other than that boss encounters dont excite me. I completed the game on hard and im thinking of completing it again on very hard or ng+ so if there's anything else that changes in the combat or mechanics of the game and generally things I should look out for please do let me know",0,public,Spoilers
